Run 3 [BEST]
Parametri: {'min_cluster_size': 1000, 'min_samples': 50}
DBCV Score: 0.8593 | Cluster: 3 | Noise: 2.54%
==================================================

[CLUSTER 0] — 673345 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. "There are not many countries out here where when you walk in you don't feel comfortable," he said. "We have a lot of work to do."
  2. things they built are gone, and the old faces of their friends, too, are disappearing, while youthful scamps trample their lawns without any respect. And so the cycle continues. But when I say I do not understand this generation, I say it with a fear that has never been felt...
  3. Imagine a bunch of jigsaws that a kindergarten plays with . After a year you give these puzzles to the next kids . A few pieces are probably missing or worn out , but it 's fine . Incest is if you keep giving these jigsaws to the next set...
  4. "The future of the world is in the hands of the young" is a statement that I've heard hundreds of times from adults or children. It appears in stories, in plays, in songs and from documentaries. Even the word "young" is often used to describe young people. For some, it...
  5. "You see, I have to say, with my old life, people would have laughed in my face, but now a new generation is awakening, they just aren't ready," he says, looking at the young men and women behind him. "In a strange way, I feel like I'm at a crucial...
  6. I've never felt more like a tourist in a foreign country. In the space of the past year, I've traveled to five countries to work in the digital media and mobile industries: Australia, New Zealand, Sweden, Denmark, and the United States. I've also gotten to know the global digital media...
  7. The new generation's response to 'the real world?' It's an emotional experience. What do you tell your kids or grandchildren to keep them on the straight narrow? The new generation's response to 'the real world?' It's an emotional experience. What do you tell your kids or grandchildren to keep them...
  8. The first time I went to Paris was when I was a very young journalist, and it was still very rough around the edges. There was always this sense that it was really, really rough around the edge. There was no security, no rule book, no sign pointing the way...
  9. Doug Tompkins, the founder of the clothing company Esprit, once said that "If anything can save the world, I'd put my money on beauty." I concur. Tompkins wasn't talking about L'Oreal's beautyforall branding. He was talking about the beauty of our landscapes, towns and cities. I believe people flourish in...
  10. A very interesting topic for the readers today is to answer one simple question and give the answer. 1. A child born into poverty is entitled to only a few possessions. Can they not enjoy life, make choices and make his contribution to the whole world? 2. Should they be...
  11. There was a time in my life when I believed that there was something I could contribute to the world, but I realized only after I died that I could only die. In a world where everyone has the opportunity to contribute to the world, that notion has completely flipped....
  12. billion people, of those seven, six million will learn to masturbate today using the world wide web as a conduit of their desire. So many willing to give in to these inclinations so many eager to expand upon their song. If I were to create a map of history of...
  13. hing them. It is better that way. Finally, Adoice speaks up, Methinks, twas the fault of our generation, flooding this unsuspecting town with more wealth than they knew what to deal with. The youth barely had to lift a finger growing up. Stoerris raises her eyebrows as she speaks, I'm...
  14. Taken in September, 2007. The new generation, I feel, are very good at what they do and it's a shame the old guard don't have the same skill-set. The older generation, though, if I may throw in some jibe, always seemed to want to stick around and fight the old...
  15. There is much controversy on this issue, which is why it is sometimes called the "dangers of women." The word "dangers," however, is also a word whose roots are in danger, and is an indication of the meaning given to it by the English lexicographers. "Danger," in the dictionary sense,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 1] — 28549 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. It was the end of the season and the Tigers were in a dogfight for the top spot. On the field it didn't look good, and the team's fans on the road were getting agitated. So what's the right thing to do now? It is a question I am frequently...
  2. News League is currently full. Taking applications for future replacement owners in case one is needed. Please fill out an application. Congratulations to Memphis, the 2018 MLB Champion NFL Season Currently Underway NBA Offseason Meetings Underway
  3. Jonathan Langa is one of the rookies fighting for a spot on Ticats roster The Ticats will be heading to Winnipeg tomorrow for their final pre-season game. One of the rookies expected to make the team is Jonathan Langa, a linebacker out of St. Mary's in Halifax. Langa gained some...
  4. Harry Rosehill An Ode To White Hart Lane I've been coming to White Hart Lane as far back as I can remember. For embarrassing proof, take a look at this video: Now, before its demise at the end of the 201617 season, I decided to visit White Hart Lane and...
  5. An update from Mr. K.V. Bhalerao Kanarkot This season is all about change, and in one way or another change is a part of our football experience. Our team is a mix of young and old, and this is reflected in the way our dressing room operates. In some ways...
  6. After winning three out the first four days on his return to fitness, Robbie Keane has revealed he is now feeling the real effects of his two-months-long layoff. The Liverpool forward underwent surgery on a herniated disk in early January and revealed on the club's official online channel he was...
  7. "I'm still fighting on, with the same team, same coaches, and still having that hope and belief at the end of the day that, yeah, we can do this," Lacy said. "So I feel pretty good with my situation as far as the direction this team is going." Lacy's situation,...
  8. "It's about time, that's what I thought. It's great," said Joe Burchfield, of Oakland. "It's hard to know what's happening, it's so fast and everything. But it sounds like it's getting the right people in place and we're gonna be in good shape. It could be on the way for...
  9. The first half was very good. The second half was not. John Hackworth Hackwina26 March 25, 2017 That didn't take long to get a response from coach John Hackworth, who gave the response. The question was what the coaching staff will do to remedy that after the 2-0 loss to...
  10. I've seen it before. When a team is fighting back from a deficit a coach goes down to the bench and grabs a couple of drinks. When he gets back out the lights and he asks the players to stand. "I'm going to give you the next 30 seconds on...
  11. The first step was clear: The team should get the power back to the fans, so the Red Bull Energy Drink truck would park on the infield. It wasn't about the money, it was about fans and their rights. "Everyone understands, for example, that we can't take people's seats," said...
  12. "Hockey players have been given the right to be different, to be who they want to be in this country." So said Ryan Getzlaf over the weekend. "So you have the right to speak your mind. You have the right to voice your opinion. But why does the majority of...
  13. You may be feeling good about your game and your overall performance, but your performance at home isn't as exciting as it is on court. On average, we all expect to play and win at home by a small margin in sports. There are exceptions to this rule. For example,...
  14. "As we look at the way the game is being played in the U.S., we feel like that is the way to go to make the most of that," said David Goldblatt, the club's longtime head of business relations, who recently left to become CEO of the Cleveland Indians. The...
  15. A few days ago I mentioned the potential value of the first day of training camp. Here's how the league can use that info during the preseason. The first time you face a team in the preseason, you'll probably have no idea who you're playing. You and the coaches are...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 2] — 1375 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. This is the second installment of a three-part series, including my interview with Matt "TidesThePylon" Bielman about his book. If you read my first part with Jeffery "Pugglenauts" Ross available on this website in different places and via Amazon, you may already know that I'm a big Matt Bielman fan,...
  2. The next two weeks on the "Brock Lesnar Show" will include a two-hour documentary about the UFC star's life on Thursday on FS1, a two-hour "Lesnar Story" Monday on the TSN2 cable network and the return of "Lesnar LIVE" for two hours Tuesday night on Sportsnet East. You don't have...
  3. Brock Lesnar said he doesn't fear any of the men he will face in the UFC's heavyweight division. The UFC on FOX broadcast team was on hand for Lesnar's weigh-ins today Sat., Feb. 24, 2016 in Las Vegas as the heavy-handed wrestler weighed in at 236-pounds, the heaviest weight he...
  4. Dana White has been known for his controversial statements, but no one quite knew the extent of the man's insanity when he claimed last week that boxing's heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar can only take one punch. You can't see it, but White says Lesnar would probably die from one punch,...
  5. Brock Lesnar is at peace on the subject of an MMA title shot following his unanimous decision win at UFC 200, but that doesn't mean he agrees with the decision-makers. In fact, Lesnar thinks a few names deserve to be in line for the belt in July. "I don't like...
  6. PALM SPRINGS, CA In what may be the most amazing sports event ever seen in the history of the world, an 18-year-old woman known as The Rock has been crowned the world's strongest woman. The event was reportedly held at Hollywood Casino and Hotel, a Las Vegas casino and hotel,...
  7. Brock Lesnar won a UFC title at a big show on Sunday night in the U.K., but he also made some headlines by dropping a f-bomb on British MMA star Ronda Rousey. Here, take a look at what the reigning heavyweight champion had to say about Lesnar. "I will knock...
  8. UNCASVILLE, Conn. Shelly Vincent was in town visiting her grandmother and had just finished training when an idea popped into her head. Her rival Heather Hardy was going to be nearby, and with a short drive, she could share the same airspace and demand something she says she is owed....
  9. After spending the better part of the last day and a half in prison for a number of unrelated charges with no evidence of a crime, former WWE star Brock Lesnar found himself back in court Thursday morning. According to his lawyer, Mark Jansen, Lesnar was originally taken into custody...
  10. What's all this about "Griever vs. Jack" who the better athlete? That, of course, was the question that was once posed to both of us, by an unknown source at a bar we can't say who and we won't tell who. It was the conversation that led us to the...
  11. LAS VEGASWhen former UFC heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar was last in the office last week, he felt a little nervous. The one-time NFL star, fresh off a 50 million payday with a second trip to the octagon, was back on a conference call explaining the UFC's new drug policy, and...
  12. The story begins in the fall of 1964 . . . The New York State Athletic Commission, the governing body for professional boxing, held an open tryout at the United States Olympic Club in Manhattan. Two boxers, Frank Nitti and Jerry Ward, met to learn more about a career in...
  13. The last time he was at UFC 193, Brock Lesnar had a victory. It was big, too: a second-round stoppage of Mark Hunt, for the UFC heavyweight title. He was a star. Lesnar now looks to build on that win at UFC 200, and his preparation is only getting ramped...
  14. Brock Lesnar has been accused of being suspended by the Nevada State Athletic Commission NSAC by his former opponent Michael Bisping over his recent comments saying he "absolutely" expects to be on top in the UFC again. Lesnar was suspended for two years on April 20rd 2017 by the NSAC...
  15. ust go down in the fifth, and the cool half million was his. Julio was in the business long enough to know, if he didn't lay down in the fourth, he wouldn't have many more nights on earth. He had taken his bet out on credit, credit that was calculated...
------------------------------