Run 5 
Parametri: {'min_cluster_size': 5000, 'min_samples': 100}
DBCV Score: 0.3514 | Cluster: 12 | Noise: 28.56%
==================================================

[CLUSTER 0] — 30030 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. We all love the new year, so you might think that we'd be on our best behaviour, having given the old year a fair chance to go. Wrong. We all have our "best behaviour days." These days, you know it when you see it, and there's no one better at...
  2. I shot the ball, it was perfect, I even heard it swish when it splashed into the net. But that was already the past, and I was down the court, miles ahead, savoring my latest moment of success, listening to the cheers. Only. It's silent. They're not on their feet....
  3. What do you mean, "I was there"? I had an entirely different experience then you did. You have no idea what it was like. It's a shame you were so upset, it was not like that at all. I had been there since before the game started, so yes, I...
  4. "It was a moment of madness," he tells me. "I wasn't really thinking that much when they were playing, but it's such a crazy place to play, and such a small stadium. They were playing the drums and all the music they weren't really playing anything. When they played 'Au...
  5. By By Brett Wilkins Aug 28, 2012 in World San Diego - A group of California men have become world champions. It was a great day for the entire family, but a sad day for the San Diego Padres, who came up empty-handed. The championship trophy was passed around the...
  6. e were going to lose. It was willed by God. But, in one sense, I determined, we were going to win. I had ogled the championship trophy earlier that day. It was sitting in the office of the rec center, probably alone. I've got ta go.'' Now? I told you...
  7. What does it feel like playing your favourite sports at the same time as you're being watched? As a former professional footballer and now professional model, I've been fortunate enough to play my favourite sports at the same time as I've been featured in the media. So if I was...
  8. He stood there, watching as the other team's enveloped in their victory. He knew his limits and they were beneath him, but he looked at his team and could see their hatred of him in their eyes. They didn't relish and want to build in their defeat, to try again...
  9. "It's more of a challenge, because you have a whole new team, new guys, no players from last year," said Rupp after Saturday's training session. "I really haven't changed my style. I haven't been training like that, but I'm still aggressive and I still feel like I can be a...
  10. "The reason why he was always so good was because he was never satisfied with the level of his opponents. The thing was, if it's not in his control he can't win. But he was not satisfied with anybody. He wanted every ball against us. Not a single ball was...
  11. RobRoy2501 Profile Blog Joined June 2008 United States 177 Posts 1 I was just wondering how much the gamers in starcraft teams get paid, or a site that I could look this information up. A lot of the posts on this subject here at TL seem to be from 2005...
  12. I generally don't feel national pride, but since I became the starting goalie of my nation, that changed at least overtly. Despite the fact that I don't like any of the politicians and hate the sky-high taxes as well as about 99 of the policies, they chose me to represent...
  13. How does a guy like that come back from an injury like that? He looked like somebody who had never been hurt at all until that happened. He looked like somebody who might not even go on the court. And that just never happens. I think he had his hands...
  14. On Thursday I went to the North End for a game of football. The place is filled with college kids, many with their parents. On the day I was there, not one of the moms or dads had an idea who I was. The kids and I met at the...
  15. "The only truth that matters on The Newsroom was it would have been better if he took that line," he said. "And I didn't feel that I should comment on something that someone else might have. But you know, that's a personal choice that's made. And we'll see what happens....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 1] — 211773 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. first. What do we do?'' Diana, always the strongest, finally broke the silence. Her face sparkled in the orange light blazing from the Earth. It mixed with her red hair and gave her the appearance of living flame. She burned before them, bringing the death of their home into the...
  2. ays it s always jeans. Jeans and T-shirts. There is a knocking on my door as my secretary, an elderly vampire by the name of Edgar lets me know that my clients have arrived. I straighten my tie and take a calming sip of red wine. I let them know...
  3. large room, thirty pairs of eyes staring at me in an identical fashion. He's awake!'' the old man from a few days ago exclaimed, a look of wild, childish reverence painted on his wrinkled face. Give him some room!'' said another voice from the crowd. How are you doing?'' said...
  4. The cramps were so bad it felt like I was being stabbed at. Bruises bloomed under my skin, indigo and brown. I writhed and groaned, unable to bite back the sounds of agony, the shakes reaching my chest now. It would be soon. I would suffocate, the shakes keeping my...
  5. mong them one day. We walk into a big dinning area with huge buffet along one wall and desserts along another. This is weird because in heaven we don't need to eat. I guess it's strictly for pleasure. Since we don't gain weighty I think I'll hit up that dessert...
  6. Pounding of footsteps. Screams for loved ones. Crunching of bones. The fear had come once more, and spread like a blanket over the city. The chain wardens descended, bringers of death and takers of souls. They went swiftly to work, decimating the life force of anything their darkened mist enveloped....
  7. Drunken shouts and raised arms abounded, and Ronnie held up a small, glowing cube in one hand. The light burning from it was pure white, like snow reflected by mid-morning light. I tried to shush the crowd, but that was little help. Hell, even that strung-out bum grinned heartily, exposing...
  8. Ouch! I thought as I was taken from my body up to the the sky and beyond the stars. It was surprisingly comfortable ; bumpy but that kind of bumpy you can use to your advantage. Guess I'm dead now Fuck your fence, I'll piss where I want! Get ready...
  9. What is this stuff?'' Dylan asked, then took a massive drag. He blew it out in a thick cloud, the smoke curling in on itself. Durban Poison,'' Grant replied, grabbing the joint with a dumb smile on his face, one of the few ways globalisation did us any good.'' Dylan...
  10. laugh becoming distinctly more Dylan-Like. It always started with that high pitched whine before turning into a snort. Not very attractive at all. Okay then. What is it? You're a Martian. Dylan took a bite and grinned as he chewed again. Haha, very funny. Just because I've been looking at...
  11. Ayo, God! What's up, dawg?'' I said ayo, God! What up?'' Silence. Man, fuck this motherfucker, man. I'm out here livin' in a garbage can and this motherfucker be up in the clouds like'Ohh this shit be so comfy.' Motherfucker, answer me!'' The rain slowed. The clouds parted. Bright white...
  12. A withered being sat in front of me. The sheer presence of the body drew my attention to every curvature and movement of the soon to be corpse. It drew a breath. Pained and unsure of its fate, the body slowly turned its head towards Me as I approached it....
  13. the shadow. It was now kneeling on the couch, arms resting along the back, as if it were a reflection in a mirror looking out at him. This isn't p --'' Isn't possible, yes, I get it. Focus. We need to find out what just happened and reverse it. Or...
  14. I was under attack on all sides. My mind began moving freely, almost separate from my body, and I noticed a distinct roaring shriek that I had no doubt would burst my ears had I heard it under normal circumstances. It was a commanding presence that followed it, more sensed...
  15. You open your eyes, from somewhere beyond time. You grimace, or try to. But your face is gone. You remember a bullet, a pop, pain. Yeah. Instinctively, you look for your guardian, that little floaty seal you've always seen. But in a place beyond time, there is nowhere to see...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 2] — 7298 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The average cost of a 2012 Honda Accord ranges from around 10,000 to 17,000 depending on the model, trim, and condition.
  2. "What are luxury vehicles? Some luxury vehicles are super luxury vehicles, which are too expensive for most people. Other luxury vehicles are expensive but not a luxury vehicle. This is a great example of a how a luxury car is different from a cheap car. The first luxury vehicle I...
  3. The most affordable luxury cars currently on the market are the BMW 3 Series, Audi A4, Lexus ES, Acura TLX, and Mercedes-Benz C-Class.
  4. There was a time when the idea of creating the perfect car was laughable. Nowadays cars offer the customer more than a simple ride, they offer a chance to transform their lives and, at times, change the course of their entire lives. With the latest generation of car makers coming...
  5. Crossovers are also known as crossover vehicles, and they are SUV-like vehicles that have certain characteristics. SUV-like vehicles are generally larger, which makes them work well for carrying lots of people, but their maneuverability is limited. Crossovers are less limited, but they are a little bigger, which makes them work...
  6. When it comes to buying the hottest cars in the world, you're never really sure what you're going to get. In the case of the 2018 Toyota Corolla, it's hard to know whether you're getting the best car on the market, or someone's car that's been painted pink, or something...
  7. Hi there, you look like a man that would be interested in our new model.'' 25 guided the young satyr to a bright red and black sports car. It can break the sound barrier in two seconds flat!'' Wow!'' Wonder dazzled the young satyr's eyes, but his parents shook their...
  8. So whats the top price of a car? If its the Honda Cruises, then in order here are the top 10 car owners: 1. Honda 2. Honda a company that makes a car. Its name is a variant of the name Cruises, which is the same word that means car....
  9. Truck Yeah The trucks are good! I'll be the first to admit I don't know much about cars outside of a car salesman's pitch. I also don't know how to do all that fancy tech talk. But now I'm making my own decisions from data that other people don't know...
  10. 1: Ford. 2: Chevy. 3: Honda. 4: Toyota. 5: Volkswagen. 6: Mercedes. 7: Porsche. 8: Subaru. 9: Mazda. 10: Audi. 11: Porsche Truck.
  11. An Energetic but Practical Mini Cooper Car Essay The car has been and will continue to be a dominating part of the culture, whatever the psychological reasoning for the purchase of a car or how the car is viewed by others. The mindless, soulless collection of metal is a point...
  12. 1 Name Your Own Price Inches Price in Cents Pounds 2 Acura Legend 1998-99 1,000 1,600 2,200 3,200 3 Acura Legend 1999-2000 1,800 2,000 2,400 3,600 4 Acura MDX 2000 1998-1999 2,200 2,700 3,000 4,600 5 Acura NSX 1999-2004 3,000 4,800 6,100 7,800 6 Acura RL 1999-2004 3,000 4,800 6,100...
  13. The world's largest car manufacturer recently unveiled a new "sprint car," a long-in-development design created by a British design team. But the new concept car, the Evoque, is not just a new design that will be seen and admired by few. It has been designed for efficiency. What's more, the...
  14. Welcome to Millenium Motor Sales Millennium Motor Sales is a family owned and operated dealership located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Since 2000, our family and staff have been dedicated to providing a stress-free experience to each customer. We strive to ensure each customers satisfaction and weve built our whole dealership around...
  15. An old-timey car enthusiast and collector will give his son a new-for-2004 Volkswagen Jetta TDI. The father will trade his old Jetta TDI for his son's as long as he receives a warranty on the car. But, the problem is that he is only eligible for a three-year warranty on...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 3] — 9677 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Methane emissions have surged nearly 30 in Colorado's largest urban region, a new state report said. It follows a decade-long period of falling emissions. Carbon dioxide from fossil fuel combustion in the Denver-Boulder area decreased by 18 percent in five years, the Denver Post reported. The shift from coal to...
  2. One lonely molecule The 24 million people in Australia generate 1.5 per cent of annual global human-induced CO2 emissions. USA emits 14 times and China emits 26 times more CO2 than Australia. Australia has 0.33 per cent of the global population. Our high standard of living, a landmass of 7,692,024...
  3. As long as the state of the climate is as it is today, we can't expect we will ever have as much snow or cold as the late 1700s. So what can be done? For a good summary of this current ice age, read this great article by Dan Cayan....
  4. The Earths climate is changing, and the patterns of climate change are hurting our ability to extract sustainable fuels. 2 If all of the fossil fuels were put into a reserve for the future, it would be necessary to reserve an amount equal to the amount of oil extracted from...
  5. Fossil Fuel Development and Consumption: Part 1: What Does the Science Say? June 28, 2016 In this first of a series of posts, I want to take a look at what we know about the current level of fossil fuel consumption on this planet. What Do We Know? First, we...
  6. California droughtin' Drought doesn't just mean less water it also means more pollution. That's the conclusion of a new study of the recent drought in California, published in the journal Sustainable Cities and Society. At the height of the drought, between 2011 and 2014, electricity produced via hydropower dropped by...
  7. When a government-funded study published in Science magazine last month found that a large amount of carbon dioxide and methane were being released into the atmosphere every year in the name of oil and gas production, many environmental groups cheered. "The evidence is overwhelming that the burning of fossil fuels...
  8. The entire world has a legitimate need since we are supposed to be getting of petroleum because of the whole climate change thing . Looking at Iran and saying , oh well you have reserves of petroleum so just burn it is n't going to help the climate change problem...
  9. The countries with the most success in reducing carbon emissions include China, the United States, India, Japan, Germany, and the United Kingdom. Other countries, such as Costa Rica, Sweden, Norway, Iceland, and Uruguay, have also managed to reduce their carbon emissions significantly.
  10. New research finds that the amount of carbon released by global fossil-fuel burning in the first half of the 21st century will be equivalent to the planet's annual emissions from all fossil fuels in 2014. As of 2016, global fossil-fuel emissions from fossil reserves and production including the burning of...
  11. Risk mitigation Degrading exposure: By understanding the effects of wind and wave conditions on the climate, we can adjust the system to reduce the impact of climate change on our lives and livelihoods as a whole. We're at an important crossroads. There has been no global agreement in Paris during...
  12. Yes! For example, many cities and regions set goals of reducing greenhouse gas emissions from their operations, such as in facilities like coal mines and forestry programs. Also, cities and regions can set policies to protect themselves from climate change threats, or to help other communities do their part and...
  13. How do we solve our climate crisis? The current problem is human-driven climate change through our use of fossil fuels. We want to decrease our climate change problem through technology such as recycling, and solar power and wind energy. The solution involves two sides: first, we need to find better...
  14. Or are you just talking about what is the greatest burden on society? That is certainly the most pressing issue, and a number of people think that society must bear the greatest burden in the crisis. What you need is a society that is more sustainable and uses fewer energy...
  15. When it comes to the future of the planet, the big question is really how we develop, and sustain, a healthy, viable civilization on this planet. And most scientists agree that we can't rely on fossil fuels for the foreseeable future especially not at our current, ever-increasing rate. Fossil fuels...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 4] — 5721 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. NATURAL AREA RUGS - Buy Discount Rugs Buy Natural Fiber Area Rugs When you're looking for high quality natural fiber rugs at an affordable price, Natural Area Rugs NAR has what you need. With more than 40 years of experience, we are a global leader in importing, manufacturing, and selling...
  2. BEST ANSWER: "The key is to choose the right product for the job. Most of those products have been tested and found to work well, and with the proper care, longevity can be a factor." The material used with a soft nylon fabric can be changed at any point, once...
  3. Upholstery typically consists of various types of fabric and padding, which can be reupholstered using different techniques. First, on fabric surfaces that do not contain much padding, like furniture, it can be reupholstered using vertical stitching and stitching and sew-till techniques, but theres a great deal of stress put into...
  4. After I first made my foray into the world of DIY and other DIY projects, I knew I wanted to take a second shot at a DIY shower curtain which would cost practically nothing. I found some very inexpensive options, but there was still a lot of work to do...
  5. Beaded jewelry is made by melting small beads on a piece of jewelry, then forming them into a necklace, bracelet, or piece of jewelry. This can either be done by hand or using an electric or manual machine. For handmade jewelry, you will need special tools to make and polish...
  6. You don't need any special skills or equipment to build this awesome and stylish tablecloth, there are plenty of online resources you can visit to assist you. In a word, easy. It requires about one dozen sheets of heavy canvas, but is more than worth while for a table where...
  7. To make a comforter, you'd have to put together a fabric and then sew it. To make a comforter, you'd also have to buy some supplies, like a needle and some thread, and some sort of special machine to help you with the details. Once you've made your comforter, you...
  8. Electric Shoe Shine Polishers Buffers - Beck Shoe Polisher Electric Shoe Shine Polishers Buffers. The same high quality models seen in luxury hotel rooms and executive offices. Highest rated in the industry, a real symbol of excellence. What makes these units the best? do not be fooled by similar looking...
  9. To reupholster a chair, you will need a few basic supplies, including scissors or a utility knife, upholstery fabric, staples and a staple gun, a measuring tape, and a screwdriver. First, remove the existing fabric from the chair, being careful not to damage the chairs frame. Measure the chair so...
  10. Woven fabric is made by putting a weave within a fabric, and then pulling it down to weave over itself. It is basically a cloth band that is woven into itself, whereas the modern-day fabric that is knit is made by knitting a fabric with a central control, and pulling...
  11. The main differences between real and fake leather is that real leather is made from animal skin while fake leather is a synthetic material made to look and feel like leather but is often made of a combination of plastic, rubber andor polyurethane. Real leather is much more durable and...
  12. . Measure and draw the dimensions, as shown in the upper left corner: 2. Cut two wooden, rectangular sheets 10 inches in diameter and two inches in length, for the mattress. Sew the edges together: 3. Glue two wooden fragments together, with some decorative stapler-pasted-on top picture: 4. Cut two...
  13. Table and tablecloth are made of different materials, so there are two popular choices. Tablecloth is made from a thick fabric woven into a square or rectangle shape. The other popular choice is made from a light-woven fabric woven into a longer shape. Different tablecloth varieties are made from the...
  14. The best way to reupholster a chair is to remove the existing upholstery, measure the chair for fabric, and buy the necessary supplies. Next, cut and sew the fabric to fit the chair, with tufts and buttons as desired. After that, attach the fabric to the chair with staples and...
  15. Scott A. Whitaker, M.D., Ph.D., J.D. San Antonio, TX I can not recommend your work more highly, and I consider myself to be extremely picky. The refinish quality, surface texture and color-match are perfect. Considering that these are very expensive to replace, highly visible parts, your refinishing costs are beyond...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 5] — 44537 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I've been looking for the answer for quite some time. . . what role does caffeine play in your and my weight management journey? The answer gave me a headache. . . literally and figuratively. As many of you, including my office staff, know, I love my Diet Dr. Pepper...
  2. The way these fast food items are created is specific to what humans crave . Certain amount of salt here , certain amount of sugar there and you create a taste that taps into and exploits what humans already naturally crave . For example , the way candy mimics the...
  3. Breadcrumbs When the state health department asks you to stop eating a particular food or drink, it is likely the following circumstances applied. 1 You became ill with a serious illness requiring hospitalization. 2 You obtained medical treatment that proved helpful but not enough to cure or control the illness....
  4. The risks of eating too much sugar include an increased risk for obesity, type 2 diabetes, heart disease, and cavities. Other possible risks include an increased risk of high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and stroke. Eating too much sugar can also lead to fatigue, irritability, anxiety, and depression.
  5. They might, but there is a lot of evidence that energy drinks are not generally the worse for health than anything else. That said, they certainly cannot help your performance. There is always the possibility of the worst-case scenario. There could be some serious consequences if someone had drunk a...
  6. There is no good-and-good information about how much sugar a person can safely consume. 2 Most people consume too much sugar. People might get hungry, and also experience the known negative effects of excess sugar. 3 We used to be able to check the impact of excess sugar, because the...
  7. High sugar is generally considered to be not very good for you. Some of the reasons are: - High sugar is bad for digestion, which means that you take a lot of energy in a short period of time, which means that you use a lot of energy with fat,...
  8. After reading, you'll probably be amazed that there are no real benefits to using caffeine. There's good reason. The following is not meant to encourage using caffeine. All I am doing is giving you information and letting you make your own opinion. This is not meant to discourage everyone from...
  9. Ok, so this is my first post here on the forums although I have been reading them for quite a while. I read a thread called Maltodextrin vs Dextrose which was very similar to my question. However, in reading through it the question I have wasn't really addressed. Anyway, the...
  10. As you sit down to dinner tonight you may be very interested in what the people around you are eating. While you may never be able to accurately measure exactly what they eat as all the ingredients are off limits, an online survey done by NPR National Public Radio, found...
  11. A lot of factors influence the amount of calories you eat, for instance, some of the facts are explained on the reference page for the Food and Drug Administration, where you can find a list of the most popular foods that are high in calories and also contain a lot...
  12. Coffee is the drink of choice for many a morning and early afternoon. It's also an essential part of some people's diet and well, maybe even some people's soul. But a lot of people may be surprised to know that there's a good chance that they're drinking coffee unknowingly. Here...
  13. A recent study suggests that you don't need to cut your fiber intake as high as suggested by government dietary guidelines to enjoy the health benefits associated with eating more fibre. The researchers, from King's College London, looked at the role of dietary fibre in promoting a healthier diet, and...
  14. The Atkins diet is a low-carbohydrate diet that is intended to help people lose weight. It was developed by Dr. Robert Atkins in the 1970s. The diet involves restricting the intake of carbohydrates and increasing the intake of fats and proteins. There are several potential dangers associated with the Atkins...
  15. A couple of weeks ago I wrote about how a new study from the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences shows that kids aren't getting enough of certain vitamins and minerals, and is doing that by ignoring important data about the foods we're eating and how they may affect our...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 6] — 7176 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. This is the original article on this blog. The most important piece of advice I have ever given you is to get good at something. Here I am going to list the few areas to work on to get good at something. I know how the people at the beginning...
  2. Now, I think youd probably find the most useful methods from the study section on the test itself. What you would write down as A1, and then you could remember it from that section. After reading that section, you might remember what is meant, which of the words would convey...
  3. Watch the video for the new quick setup and instructions: かっこいい動画笑 Addon pack: https:drive.google.comfiled1uxCekcoYY99exyHPCMnSYT5fA7UGfLlOview?uspsharing Make sure to use the Reset Ease tool Tools Reset Ease to fix all your old Anki cards! Anki hasn't been treating you right. You want to make real gains, but you can't imagine doing more...
  4. . I think the most important thing is that you have the right mindset. 2. If you have the right mindset, youll learn the fastest. 3. In order to learn the fastest, you need to have the right mindset, which is a good, solid, commitment to do something.
  5. Doing a big batch of studying isn't going to help you gain enough studying skills. Well, a lot of people find that skimming is very helpful, for reasons like that. You could even do skimming for one chapter at a time, and then later focus on the other chapters that...
  6. Here are a few suggestions: 1. Try a method of chunking what youre studying into into smaller chunks, for example. 2. When youre studying, try to focus on one chunk at a time, rather than trying to break it down into pieces. 3. Practice studying in chunks, at least in...
  7. The most effective method is to use it to test for understanding. You can explain things to him, and he will be able to understand what you mean.
  8. You might want to think about organizing your study into three sessions at the beginning of a day. Each session, you read the textbook for a time over the hour, until there is a short period of time where you are read word-by-word. Word-reading can be difficult, because it can...
  9. I need to study for a test tomorrow, as well, and theres a certain way to learn, the way of practicing a certain way, which is how you practice. He could work together, and find a way to start practice, and then practice over an hour and get more practice?...
  10. Try a lot. 2 Take lessons more often than once or twice a week.
  11. The easiest way to study is to learn lots of facts, such as facts about mathematics, English, and other subjects. Then, you can learn about how they related to each other, what they are good in, and how they are used in practice.
  12. I suppose the most effective way is to learn the material and the practice. If you read some books and practice a lot, you will be more likely to understand the practice and be able to help you learn what you want.
  13. . Put your study at a desk. Dont let it hang behind like a tower. Make a list of all the papers, books, and articles that you want to read. Dont forget, but just take the first one each day until you have them all. Remember to keep the list...
  14. "It can be a bit of a slog, particularly if you're not in the right mindset," says Paul Bocuse, managing editor of CNET. "A lot of time you will get bogged down trying to understand something that is very simple." There are some simple rules for picking up skills quickly,...
  15. How To Study Hiragana "It always seems impossible until it's done." Nelson Mandela Anki isn't the only thing we'll be using to study hiragana. There are a ton of other great resources as well, including some from TextFugu, that will help you to learn hiragana very quickly and efficiently Hopefully...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 7] — 11770 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Inception is a movie about visual representation, based on comic books.
  2. I get it. I've been one of the people that really liked the first two films. That's no secret. Not one person on the Internet or the rest of the world had even noticed that they were bad and I was one of them. I liked them a lot and...
  3. In the end, the story really got away from the writers. It may not be the "end of the world as we know it" stuff, but the ending was a bit of a shock, especially because the episode seemed to open on the same cliffhanger from the very first moment:...
  4. HBO has found a way to get ahead of its competition, and with that comes some good news for fans of HBO programming. On December 31, the premium cable channel will premiere the first season of a new original sci-fi series, a six-hour miniseries based on Neil Gaiman's comic book...
  5. Halloween is about to get a whole lot darker with this incredible series called 'Halloween II': The original is the most popular Halloween film in history - and now we're going to be joining forces with its producers, directors and stars and get it right this Halloween once again. The...
  6. It was 2 hours of explosions . It had very well choreographed fights and special effects . The plot , while pretty barebones , did n't fall into the usual pit of trying too hard and becoming stupid . The characters were interesting enough that you could actually care about...
  7. Late 3rd Place in Derby 309: Balance, with 216 votes! Okay, you guys, we have to apologize for the delay here, but behold: our Black Swan shirt! No, we know that Black Swan came to theaters in December of 2010 and then to DVD in May of 2011, and now...
  8. Hey, is that for real? I thought I had reviewed it long, long ago, in a galaxy far, far away.! Whatever, I'll do it now. Since I'm not a native speaker, I had to go around YouTube to get the subtitles and get the whole thing, but I'd say I'd...
  9. Writer says that forthcoming show will feature 'key divergences' for longtime fans Neil Gaiman has teased his plans for the planned HBO series of his novel American Gods. The acclaimed fantasy writer confirmed earlier this year that he was working with the premium US broadcaster on a TV version of...
  10. I didn't know where this show was going with their first outing. I thought it was a great idea, but I didn't know how much it was going to suck. But, for once, I was pleasantly surprised.
  11. - The Walking Dead: Apocalypse is a very popular zombie movie. Its a fast-paced action-packed story that you can stream on demand. It has some gruesome horror themes. Its a bit of a cult movie in this zombie subculture, but its kind of mainstream. Most horror movies with zombie themes...
  12. 1. To my mind, this is one of my favourite episodes as a viewer, just look at the great shot framing! I feel the camera moves very fluidly here - there are some really great slow pans and dollies on the road side as the cars go by and then...
  13. If I have to choose a genre, I would choose either horror or thriller. If they are not horror movie, I will probably watch them in the beginning, but once I start, I will only want to watch their sequels and prequels. Though I have tried to not to watch...
  14. The "American Gods," based on Neil Gaiman's celebrated novel about America's War for the Soul of America, has received a hefty 25 million investment from The Orchard and FremantleMedia, a subsidiary of Fox Networks Group. The deal, which had been rumored, adds to the 20 million Orchard and Fox Television...
  15. In the end, it turned out not to be that much like the previous year's season finale, which I had to watch on video three times just to get all of the details, much less the gist of anything. But when it comes down to it, there isn't even anything...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 8] — 34279 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. This is the best place to use the Internet when you need to upload a bunch of stuff. This site is a good place to upload files that you might not be able to find on the cloud. Uploads are made from the cloud, from anywhere in the world, that...
  2. Youll want to make sure you have a digital asset such as a software program, or a mobile app, you want to upload it to a software program or mobile app, you want to download the software program and install it, and you want to make sure you have it...
  3. If you find yourself with an Android phone and the need to send a very large file to your home computer, Google's Cloud Print service might be just the thing you need. Google today announced a new beta for its print service that will support images up to 2TB, plus...
  4. When people take pictures and upload the pictures to the web, they upload to a server which handles most of their data. For example, when you upload your photos to Facebook; all your photos are stored and processed on server of Facebook and uploaded for you to retrieve later. The...
  5. To delete a file from your computer, locate the file that you want to delete, right-click on it, and select Delete from the menu that appears. You can also press the Delete key on your keyboard to delete the file.
  6. Have you tried installing new software using the Add and Remove Programs tool? Go to the Control Panel and select Programs. Then select Uninstall Programs. The list includes program packages like Outlook, Money Converter, and Mailchimp.
  7. A simple way to find and delete an active file from Exchange Server 2013 7 minutes to read 7 minutes to read Contributors In this article Summary: Learn about an easy way to find and delete an active Exchange 2013 file from your Exchange Server 2013 environment. Published: February 10,...
  8. To change your default home page on your internet browser, you need to go to the browser settings. Depending on your browser, this may be under an "Options" or "Preferences" menu. From there, you can look for a setting to choose your default page.
  9. An .msi file is a Windows Installer package file used to install software on Microsoft Windows operating systems. It contains information about how to install and configure the software, as well as the files and resources needed for the installation. To install software using an .msi file, you typically double-click...
  10. How to Create a Backup Creating backups of your app's data can be tedious and time consuming. You can perform a complete backup and restore to your own cloud storage as well as a local hard drive or network storage. There are a few key things you need to keep...
  11. The following steps will help you convert your Microsoft OneDrive cloud storage account to another service provider or to delete your OneDrive account altogether. After these process you will no longer have access to your OneDrive cloud storage. If you need help, check out the article What happens if I...
  12. DELTA DELTA is a web-based tool designed for tracking, monitoring and analyzing mobile device information. If you're new or unfamiliar with DELTA, welcome! We provide more information and a brief introduction to the application on GitHub here: deltapem.orgDETAILS If you like what you see here, please consider contributing to this...
  13. Lets see.Are you talking about the delay in sending and receiving data, or whats the problem when you try to access websites?
  14. On December 19, 2015, we announced the immediate availability of Google Cloud Print in more than 50 countries around the world. In the past three months, we've added more than 100 new countries, with more to come. We're really excited about the impact Google Cloud Print is having on the...
  15. The idea behind AIM is simple. It's the ability to have unlimited storage for files of any size. You can use this feature to store your work and projects, photos, videos, spreadsheets, notes, etc. all in the cloud, no matter where you are. AIM allows you to store this data...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 9] — 23049 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. About Check this update to find out what our plans are going forward from this point, should we fall short of our goal. Tears of Avia is a turn based tactical RPG with a core focus on build crafting. We want to make a game where the party composition, skills,...
  2. In my haste to finish FFXV before Episode Prompto dropped, I found myself in Pitioss Dungeon. Two hours later, I read it was a 4-5 hour dungeon, entirely platforming, and what I'd finished was the easy part. Then there's Momo, who's taken to watching me play video games and commenting...
  3. I received a note from The Game Crafter's email about a sale on their "Greatest Roleplaying Game" bundle. There were 3 books in the bundle, each included in the 25.01 price: The Complete Dungeons and Dragons Third Edition 40.01 The Ultimate Roleplaying Game: Dungeons Dragons Second Edition 60.91 DD: Dragons...
  4. A Bunch of Heroes is a short 4-5 minutes story and adventure game that takes place on the world of Gaea. While doing missions for the Royal Army, it seems as though you might be able to restore the kingdom to its glory. As you traverse the lands around Gaea,...
  5. Fantasy Strike is one of the most popular games on Steam and it has been for some time. The game was made by the same guy who made the popular PC game, Dungeon Keeper. Fantasy Strike is a real time strategy game with dice based combat. Players choose from hundreds...
  6. Dawn of War: Soulstorm is a spiritual successor to D-Day, a real-time strategy game that put the player in World War II's heat of battle. But unlike D-Day, it's a real-time RPG on steroids. A real-time, turn-based strategy game on steroids is like saying that your favorite book is like...
  7. Halloween is here and to celebrate we have a special treat for you. You will be able to get a copy of "Vicious" by the excellent James Fauntleroy for free to celebrate! It is available on all three platforms so the free download could benefit all of your platforms. In...
  8. We're going to try something a little different for the month. Our latest game, a cooperative card game called The Banner Saga, will be featured daily at the top of the site for a week, before being replaced by something else the following day. In honor of our little experiment,...
  9. We got a big response in the Kickstarter community following the Kickstarter. If you want to make suggestions please let us know here. Thanks for stopping by our Kickstarter. Our goal is to make "The King's Dungeon" a tabletop game that will take you hours to play and a week...
  10. For my second update, we're back. It's been a while since I've posted a complete update. This update is mostly a write up of the new "Infection" campaign in my game of Darkest Dungeon. I've put a lot of effort into Infectious Lore and have written a lot of new...
  11. I didn't play Darksiders until its PC release, which meant I'd already heard a million people compare it to Zelda and God of War. What a pleasant surprise to play the game and find that it had character of its own and kept rewarding me with new toys throughout its...
  12. By far the best Rogue-like on 3DS. Lots of depth and tons of content, this is a great value for people who love the genre. If you're new to By far the best Rogue-like on 3DS. Lots of depth and tons of content, this is a great value for people...
  13. This is a really amazing game. I don't think any games on this list can come close. You start off in a cave, and have to follow the characters you make, trying to survive, while avoiding monsters. The story is really simple: in one day you can make a person...
  14. Thomas.'' The word roused me from my trance. For the last, what? 7 hours? I had been playing this. A simple game, pixelated, indie, borrowing heavily from Dark Souls, basically a Hyper Light Drifter clone except a gothic dark much like the aforementioned Dark Souls. It had a good story...
  15. Greetings, Saviors! We thought you might all have noticed that we've been hard at work on a new and exciting way to spend your time in MapleWorld. This week, we announced the launch of the new Character Slot Expansion, allowing you to unlock your favourite hero from Heroes of Maple....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 10] — 22422 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Barely a year after a federal judge dismissed criminal charges, an Alberta judge today sentenced two former Edmonton police officers connected to a controversial 2011 shooting after a court hearing involving the case was adjourned. Court heard the Crown and defence both requested the sentencing hearing be postponed, in order...
  2. A year ago, the city of Portland was in a unique position. It had never before suffered a single homicide. Now police are investigating the deaths of two teens -- one as young as 16 -- who were shot and killed early Sunday at an apartment complex off North Interstate...
  3. If you doubt how much prostitution business casino customers generate, consider a police report from a raid on an alleged brothel in Norwich back in the spring of 2011. Nine Norwich police officers and one agent from Homeland Security participated in the raid on the three-bedroom house on Asylum Street....
  4. SACRAMENTO, CALIF. AP Two former California police officers have been sentenced to 40 years in prison for abusing a mentally ill man by taking him to an isolated area where they punched, kicked and choked him until he lost consciousness in a violent confrontation. Santa Clara County Judge Aaron Persky...
  5. A Zion man arrested and jailed as part of a major street gang racketeering enforcement operation in Lake County is seeking more than 2.5 million in compensation and damages in a federal lawsuit filed after his case was dismissed. Nigel Patrick, 45, was one of several defendants arrested in late...
  6. A federal judge in Atlanta has dismissed a lawsuit filed by a woman who was arrested by mistake and then held for 53 days in jail before finally being released. Teresa Ann Culpepper had filed suit against Atlanta police and Fulton County officials over her wrongful arrest in August 2011....
  7. The man convicted of the fatal 2012 stabbing of a 20-year-old man outside a downtown Ottawa hotel is suing the Ottawa police service for 100,000 claiming he was the victim of racial discrimination, the CBC has learned. Justin Trottier, 25, is suing Ottawa Police Services Board for the loss of...
  8. NEW BRUNSWICK, NJ Former Edison police officer Michael Dotro will spend the next 20 years in prison for a series of crimes committed in the last five years, including the attempted murder of a supervising officer and his family, officials said yesterday. According to a press release from the Middlesex...
  9. The man who was convicted of gunning down two New York police officers will be eligible for parole in 20 years, the parole board is deciding. But he is getting another shot -- now that he has been officially recognized as an inmate of the state's prison system. Miguel Rojas,...
  10. Spread the love Tampa Bay, FL A Florida family seeks justice after their son Jason Westcott, was killed by members of a SWAT team, during a "drug raid" on his house which yielded only 2.00 worth of marijuana. An 'internal investigation' absolved officers of any wrongdoing though police only found...
  11. The man arrested last year in the fatal shooting of a New York City police officer has an unusually troubled, nearly two decade criminal history in a country where police shootings and the criminal justice system are the subject of frequent scrutiny and criticism. Reeves has spent time in prison...
  12. HARTFORD, Conn. AP Connecticut wasA Connecticut Superior Court judge has revoked the bail of a 22-year-old accused of shooting his former fiancee in their apartment. Judge William F. Barrett revoked the pretrial release of Steven James Gage to a halfway house Thursday, saying he will likely be sent back to...
  13. A former New York City police officer who lost his job after he was arrested for drunken driving in 2006 was sentenced Wednesday to 3 12 to 5 years on charges that he conspired to lie about his employment. The former police officer, John V. Anderson, 57, had asked to...
  14. The U.S. Department of Justice recently announced that it will not prosecute the owners of the medical marijuana dispensary where 19-year-old Jordan Davis was shot and killed by police in 2014. Davis was shot eight times to the chest, back and thigh, and his family claimed the officers were unnecessarily...
  15. "We will not tolerate the killing of an innocent human life," the city's police chief, William Bratton, told reporters at the scene. He said the victims were in a dispute over alcohol over an incident that took place months earlier, but that she had since improved her life and moved...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 11] — 107802 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The Denver Chambers of Commerce and Public Policy Research Paper Introduction In most nations of the world today, belonging to chambers of commerce is compulsory under state laws, with dues paid under certain sections of the business authorizations. These setups are known as public law chambers. Most of these organizations...
  2. The only thing worse than the US presidential election is the fact that the two candidates are so utterly incompetent and untrustworthy they have not only given the US economy a huge black eye but have actually put it at greater risk. At a time when we already face the...
  3. There wasn't much surprise when the United Steelworkers officially endorsed Hillary Clinton in last year's U.S. presidential race. The Democrats had always been the party of organized labour, the party that authored protectionist policies that supported jobs and companies in the American heartland. But the Canadian who leads the United...
  4. Reuters - U.S. President Donald Trump urged American businesses on Wednesday to increase investment by hiring more workers, after a lackluster first quarter where he issued executive orders and said he had the biggest success since he took office. Trump's job approval rating stood at 37 percent, according to a...
  5. "We are at a critical juncture for the American economy. Our nation's prosperity is at stake. If we fail, we may not see this day return." In a letter delivered Wednesday by President Donald Trump to corporate CEOs, he wrote that the economic climate is changing quickly because of rapid...
  6. In this March 19, 2017, photo, President Donald Trump talks with Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin at the Treasury Department in Washington. AP PhotoAndrew Harnik The Associated Press By MELISSA SANTOS, Associated Press WASHINGTON AP An economic study that's set to be released Thursday confirms President Donald Trump's claim that his...
  7. Play Stop Popout X Donald Trump was elected in part to keep manufacturing jobs in the United States and reversing that sector's decline. Krugman says his program will do the exact opposite. Krugman Column "Making the Rust Belt Rustier" January 27, 2017 Contra Columns "The Reagan Record on Trade: Rhetoric...
  8. "It would appear that Mr. Trump is not only taking credit for the job market that it now faces, but for the jobs that the markets are showing to have some value in the first place," the bank said. "In other words, it is quite consistent with the kind of...
  9. Billionaire businessman Donald Trump on Wednesday questioned the strength of the U.S. economy's job market, saying there are "millions of people" who are "sitting around scratching their heads" because they can't find jobs. Speaking to Bloomberg Businessweek in Davos, Switzerland, Trump claimed the jobs picture is "much less than good."...
  10. If the U.S. election is about anything it's about the future of work in the United Statesand the future of the Republican Party. If the U.S. election is about anything it's about the future of work in the United Statesand the future of the Republican Party. Donald Trump, a man...
  11. "It's hard to imagine there is no relationship, but it is," Mr. Obama said. "When you start making decisions or implementing ideas by saying everybody's going to be in the system, no matter what you say or do, at some point all of that complexity takes over and people say...
  12. "I believe that the future of the Democratic Party is at stake," Trump said on CNN in remarks aired Tuesday morning. The U.S. is "losing our manufacturing base and our jobs," Trump added. ADVERTISEMENT "So therefore, we're going to make it possible," he said. The GOP White House hopeful noted...
  13. In his first campaign as the president of the United Mine Workers of America, Robert "Rusty" Rustam is a strong voice for miners. He is also a father. A father of four, he was a member of the United Mine Workers of America for 29 years before he was elected...
  14. If there was any doubt about the importance to Donald Trump's presidential campaign of white working class economic resentment, the news from this week should put any doubts to rest. In a news release released on Wednesday, Trump's campaign announced that it has secured the endorsement of the UAW, the...
  15. When he left the White House, President Trump claimed that his administration had produced the best year "that any administration has ever had" with the economy adding an average of 2.9 trillion dollars to the national GDP. That's the best in decades and the number is up by more than...
------------------------------