Run 1 
Parametri: {'min_cluster_size': 150, 'min_samples': 30}
DBCV Score: 0.1439 | Cluster: 192 | Noise: 61.18%
==================================================

[CLUSTER 0] — 192 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for John, a turtle. Best Gifts for John: Turtle The following items have John's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 bear costume top beige beige checkered tee top white grey flannel shirt top blue...
  2. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Peppy, who likes Official, black items and dislikes White items. Best Gifts for Peppy: Official, black items The following items have Peppy's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 black-check shirt top blue white...
  3. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Eusine, who likes Basic, black items and dislikes Ornate items. Best Gifts for Eusine: Basic, black items The following items have Eusine's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 blue plaid shirt top blue...
  4. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Eliza, who likes Sporty, orange items and dislikes Modern items. Best Gifts for Eliza: Sporty, orange items The following items have Eliza's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 basketball shirt top orange black...
  5. justBOBBI shops will feature merchandise ranging from wellness and beauty products to apparel and accessories that reflect her unique aesthetic and holistic lifestyle. Designed to give customers a 360-degree view of Bobbi's life, the concept shops will highlight her everyday wardrobe essentials such as Hudson denim, Giles and Brother accessories,...
  6. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Kacheek, who likes Sporty, brown items and dislikes Flashy items. Best Gifts for Kacheek: Sporty, brown items The following items have Kacheek's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 brown plaid shirt top brown...
  7. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for The Smooch, who likes Sporty, Black items and dislikes Official items. Best Gifts for The Smooch: Sporty, Black items The Smooch's favorite items from this set include: Lilac dress, Pink dress, Green jacket, White scarf, Orange shoes The...
  8. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Doodles, who likes Official, non-fancy, white items and dislikes CuteFancy items. Best Gifts for Doodles: Official, non-fancy, white items The following items have Doodles' favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 argyle knit top...
  9. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Dina, who likes Official, white items and dislikes Modern items. Best Gifts for Dina: Official, white items The following items have Dina's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 beaded shirt top purple black...
  10. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Michael, who likes Iconic, gray items and dislikes Ornate items. Best Gifts for Michael: Iconic, gray items The following items have Michael's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 archbishop's chair furniture gray gray...
  11. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Dizzy the hippo, who likes Crayons, Birds, and Beetles. Best Gifts for Dizzy: Crayons, Birds, and Beetles The following items have Dizzy's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 blue argyle shirt top blue...
  12. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Haseko, who likes Iconic, normal items and dislikes Rock items. Best Gifts for Haseko: Iconic, normal items The following items have Haseko's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 amethyst shirt top blue black...
  13. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Tom, who likes Iconic, yellow items and dislikes Sporty items. Best Gifts for Tom: Iconic, yellow items The following items have Tom's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 armor suit top yellow yellow...
  14. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Chima, who likes Baseball, orange items and dislikes CuteFancy items. Best Gifts for Chima: Baseball equipment and Baseball uniforms The following items have Chima's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 orange polka-dot tank...
  15. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Nastasia, who likes Modern, purple items and dislikes Ornate items. Best Gifts for Nastasia: Modern, purple items The following items have Nastasia's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 baseball shirt top red blue...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 1] — 461 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. H.R. 2152 113th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 113th Congress, which met from Jan 3, 2013 to...
  2. H.R. 633 112th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 112th Congress, which met from Jan 5, 2011 to...
  3. H.R. 3377 114th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 114th Congress, which met from Jan 6, 2015 to...
  4. H.R. 4590 114th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 114th Congress, which met from Jan 6, 2015 to...
  5. BILL 1. S.3684 110th Congress 2007-2008 A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow an above-the-line deduction against individual income tax for interest in indebtedness and for State sales and excise taxes with respect to the purchase of certain motor vehicles. Sponsor: Cosponsors: 8 Sen. Mikulski,...
  6. S. 947 113th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 113th Congress, which met from Jan 3, 2013 to...
  7. H.R. 1858 113th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 113th Congress, which met from Jan 3, 2013 to...
  8. H.R. 4258 111th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 111th Congress, which met from Jan 6, 2009 to...
  9. H.R. 1892 is a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. How to cite this information. We recommend the following MLA-formatted citation when using the information you...
  10. H.R. 5880 114th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 114th Congress, which met from Jan 6, 2015 to...
  11. S. 672 114th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 114th Congress, which met from Jan 6, 2015 to...
  12. H.R. 899 is a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. How to cite this information. We recommend the following MLA-formatted citation when using the information you...
  13. S. 896 113th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 113th Congress, which met from Jan 3, 2013 to...
  14. S. 1361 114th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 114th Congress, which met from Jan 6, 2015 to...
  15. H.R. 3560 113th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 113th Congress, which met from Jan 3, 2013 to...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 2] — 882 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. This is without a doubt the most fun I have ever had in a secret santa exchange. The package was very heavy and you can imagine the look on my face as I slowly pulled out safety glasses, a hammer and a chisel, let alone a decent sized CONCRETE block....
  2. This is my first time participating in Secret Santa and I had a lot of fun. I really appreciated the time went in looking at my profile and getting details for the gift. I also got a great set of pens in the post. It gave me lots of good...
  3. 12 I got my gift today. It was a really cool card and a cute t-shirt. I'm planning to wear the t-shirt for a while. On the card was a great message from SOOOOOOO many people, just to give you the idea. My Secret Santa also sent me the book...
  4. I didn't know that this was a thing, but this picture of my Santa nailed it. I can't wait to see what this next little toy is. I received a pack of the amazing Nerf blasters, the Nerf N-Strike Rebelle, Nerf N-Strike Elite, and the Nerf Rival. I think they're...
  5. I received an awesome set of gifts from my secret santa. First thing off the bat was a fantastic set of t-shirts. I've worn my new shirts quite a bit I have a little guy and he looks like he will be joining my squad soon so I'm not surprised...
  6. I got this beautiful grinder - I've never had one so I'm stoked. It has this beautiful etching on it but I have no idea what it says?! Or who my Santa is.hopefully they'll see this and tell me : THANK YOU! Yay Arbitrary Day!
  7. My giftee was awesome, and got me a super cool camper van! Its perfect because not only do I love to camp, but I also have a red canoe like the one in the set. Also, as a bonus gift because I am an Ottawa Senators fan, my giftee got...
  8. I just received my gift from my Santa! It's a pretty cool looking set of 3D printed swords, but why did I need swords? Because I have a thing about Japanese swords. My Santa messaged me and confirmed that I'm very interested in Japanese culture. It might not be my...
  9. As a person who has a penchant for both video games and photography, this gift is a great choice for me. For someone who is not a big photographer, but does have some experience with the "video games thing" I think this will be very useful. I'm always looking for...
  10. I really love PC gaming and building PCs, and my Santa delivered! I received 2 Razer and Steelseries stickers, as well as some really good sized PC quotes and reference stickers! I am building a new pc this week hopefully, so I have already stuck them to the new case...
  11. Thanks you so so much for the gift, made my day. I am a really big fan of Star Wars, I will put the stormtrooper clock on my desk so I will use it every day, have a nice week and Merry Christmas from Romania!
  12. This is my first year participating in Reddit Secret Santa! I got an awesome package from my Secret Santa and was so excited when my gifter opened the package! I get excited about everything and especially so when it's from a stranger who's awesome! It was filled with my favorite...
  13. I'm the kind of person who often turns down gifts, especially holiday gifts. But since my SS managed to find my love of beer beer and photography, I thought the opportunity would be well worth it. And the best part is that I can't wait to try out some of...
  14. This was my first experience with Reddit Secret Santa so I had no idea what to expect. I have the reddibrothers on my profile and have been looking to participate in SS. My giftee really delivered! I received something I love and I will bring to the office so my...
  15. This is what your Santa has been waiting for! Please check out this link for tips on being an awesome giftee. While logged in, go to your exchanges page linked here: Click the ongoing exchange you are managing. Click on the "Thank Your Santa" button. Add a title and as...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 3] — 789 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Throughout the smorgasbord of new firearms that have come into this country as of late, the tumultuous reclassification of Swiss and Czech firearms, and the other various headlines we here at Calibre have seen cross our layouts recently, the subject matter of these next few pages is some of the...
  2. Before my DPMS arrived, I went to a local gunshow and saw more used DPMS Model A-15s for sale. The price on these were 100 to 200 more than the deal I bought. I noticed that the used rifles had signs of use and some with traces of tan paint...
  3. Description Exceptional Historic, Cased, Engraved and Presentation Inscribed Colt Model 1861 New Model Navy Revolver, From the Colt Co. to E.W. Parsons, of Adams Express Co., Hartford Serial number 19928E. .36 caliber, 6-shot cylinder with naval engagement roll scene. 7 12-inch octagon barrel with German silver blade front sight. Top...
  4. I have an older Taurus X2, which still gets pretty much every type of review you'd write about a revolver. I think that's because it's a classic, and also because it hasn't been replaced with something better. While most modern revolvers offer better ergonomics, better sight ranges, increased accuracy, or...
  5. Description Rocky Mountain ThunderCast RMT bullets are cast from a leadtinantimony alloy with a brinell hardness of 18. The hardness of these bullets has been optimized for accuracy while still resisting leading in the barrel. Our special non-sticky lube is Alox free and has a melting point of 165 degrees...
  6. The first thing you will notice about the AEG ISR5200 is that it is very compact. There are lots of people who have the wrong idea that mini and compact guns can't function but that's just not the case. The AEG ISR5200 comes with a 14.5" barrel and is one...
  7. Hugely popular in the 90s and 2000s, the classic TEC-9 submachine gun was a popular entry-level assault rifle for the US Military. As well as its use by the US Military, the TEC-9 has found a niche on the civilian market. With its low-calibre round, the TEC-9 has proven very...
  8. This rifle was earlier announced by the Kalashnikov Concern. It was initially called SVK. Recently, Kalashnikov has renamed the rifle to include the designer's last name Chukavin into the designation of this firearm and revealed more details. Now the rifle is called Chukavin Sniper Rifle or SVCh Снайперская Винтовка Чукавина...
  9. Giant Savage-Tek M-LOK Hand Guards Front Baffle Sears Vltor Sterling Osprey Giant Savage-Tek M-LOK Hand Guards Front Baffle Sears Vltor Sterling Osprey I had my first M-LOK attachment for a 1911 back in 2013. It was not my first foray into customizing firearms. I had worked on my 1911s with...
  10. P415 Edge The P415 was engineered over 10 years ago to be virtually unstoppable in unfavorable conditions. It is a product of continuous development and improvement to the AR platform that no other rifle company has attempted. The reliability has been tested time after time, and the operating system perfected....
  11. As you can see, the "M" series will be the first to have the "tactical" and the "recon" in the same name. The M series is also going to be an update to the M Series, and as a result of this I must say that they will be available...
  12. Fully automatic? No thanks, I just bought a G12 from Wal-Mart to use exclusively in the backyard without the "kick" of a single round. It will fire a dozen rounds but has never bothered me in over 30 years of hunting sports shooting. The 9-round magazine is awesome because you...
  13. Derek Hatton A couple of weeks ago I received an order for my first ever custom made gun, a 1911 handgun. I chose the Ruger LC9 as it was the one I've had the longest experience with and the one that I thought is the ideal choice for someone looking...
  14. I'm going to start this article by saying that I am completely biased towards using a double action revolver as my primary carry pistol. The vast majority of "normal" people would call that carrying a big pistol. I have a personal experience with this and it has made me very...
  15. This product is not sold individually. You must select at least 1 quantity for this product. Warning: Last items in stock! The quality or caliber of the item doesn't matter. Select here for your safety. The MSA-380 is an extremely reliable handgun that can be fired from the bench with...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 4] — 822 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. By Andrew Korybko Ryan Burton WBA junior welterweight titleholder Billy Joe Saunders 26-0, 13KOs was a little hesitant to go into the ring with former champion Adrien Broner over the weekend, before a sold-out Briar Cliff stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina. The two fought for the vacant title over the...
  2. Yesterday, on The MMA Hour with Ariel Helwani, Rashad Evans revealed that he was no longer training with the Blackzilians in Boca Raton, FL and that there, "wasn't really any Blackzilians anymore." The former UFC light heavyweight champion explained that he would be training with former Blackzilians' coach Henri Hooft...
  3. By Keith Idec Terence Crawford will battle Adrien Broner on June 23 as the HBO televised star defends his light heavyweight title for the first time since April 2014. Broner, 20, is the WBA, WBO and WBC light heavyweight champion in his division and the IBF, IBO and WBA heavyweight...
  4. "That's my job. You know, I don't know, I think that's what I've done all day. They're trying to get me a fight because now it's two on two. I've got to take the fight. I'm going to let it all out." Hector Lombard at the TUF 21 Finale When...
  5. Story updated at 4 p.m. ET to reflect clarification from Abdelaziz on the reason for Evans' removal. A middleweight fight between Rashad Evans and Tim Kennedy will not take place at UFC 206, according to Evans' manager and Kennedy. Evans was unable to get clearance for a fight license at...
  6. In this episode of the Better Rivals podcast, the guys welcome up-and-coming UFC commentator and comedian Jon Anik to explain the difference between MMA and boxing in a very funny, yet profound segment aptly called "Lethality." Jon was nice enough to sit on the couch and introduce a new segment,...
  7. The second day of the UFC's "TUF 20" Finale in Las Vegas turned into a cage-fighting brawl on Thursday night as a fight between two UFC veterans ended up in the Octagon. During a non-title bout under the UFC banner, UFC vet Melvin Guillard 29-9 MMA, 15-8 UFC submitted former...
  8. This has been a rollercoaster of a day for the world of kickboxing with the craziness that went down at GLORY 42 Paris and now Yodsanklai Fairtex has announced his retirement from the ring. The announcement was made via Yodsanklai's social media accounts; the statement in Thai on Facebook and...
  9. It was a sad day at the UFC when UFC Fight Night 49 took a sad turn for the worse when Chris Camozzi was forced to withdraw from his bout with Hector Lombard after sustaining an injury. He suffered a torn posterior cruciate ligament and had to undergo surgery on...
  10. "Don't tell him about the movie he wants to make." "He knows what he wants to make." "Tell him he is just wasting his time." The former UFC champion says there are more things he could tell Jose Aldo and that he has talked about it with other fighters but...
  11. By Miguel Rivera According to sources in Puerto Rico, undefeated lightweight contender Felix 'Diamante' Verdejo 18-0, 13KOs is still on track to return on December 11th in Puerto Rico. Verdejo would be the main event of a TruTV televised card. He was going to return to the ring later tonight...
  12. Dana White has made it a point to say the UFC will never have to go through a pay-per-view like it did with Ronda Rousey 15-1 MMA, 6-1 UFC before. So why does it feel like the organization is still looking at a situation with Ronda Rousey or Cristiane "Cyborg"...
  13. George Groves has opened the door to a "super fight" against James DeGale if they both win world championships. Groves is the WBC mandatory challenger for super-middleweight champion Anthony Dirrell but is regularly linked with a rematch against DeGale, who he defeated in 2011 amid personal rivalry. DeGale seems unlikely...
  14. Mixed martial arts legend Chuck Liddell made the rare announcement Tuesday night during Fox Sports 1's post-fight "Cage Clutching" event his retirement from the sport at the age of 44. Liddell, who has been retired since last July, will continue to be an ambassador for the sport under the UFC...
  15. By Keith Idec BoxingScene.com has learned that Puerto Rico's Dejerval Mehta has agreed to a new multi-fight deal with Golden Boy Promotions that would make him the best available and highest ranked middleweight in their stable. Mehta agreed to two fight deals that would guarantee him his first fights in...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 5] — 342 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The world of professional wrestling has a bad habit of keeping the same names the crowd loves to hate, and we can't ignore the fact that we're here to hate on WWE's Cruiserweight division. But that doesn't mean we have to like WWE's new roster. What follows are twenty reasons...
  2. Finn Balor is being targeted by WWE's RAW brand, according to former ECWWWE performer Joey Styles on his podcast with Styles Pup. Styles says the match that should be held between Balor and Alberto Del Rio is being held up because WWE execs are targeting the former NXT tag-team champion...
  3. Rank your top 5 workers of the week. This includes wrestlers and all other figures in the wrestling world including managers etc. Stables should be listed as their stable name and not individually. Please use capitals at the beginning of each word e.g. Daniel Bryan not daniel bryan and if...
  4. World Wrestling Entertainment WWE has signed on Kuwaiti national Nasser Al Ruwayeh, giving him the opportunity to train to become a WWE Superstar. Al Ruwayeh was introduced to the crowd during Friday's WWE Live Abu Dhabi event at the Zayed Sports City International Tennis Complex, where the new recruit and...
  5. The WWE's Emmalution might be over but that's not going to keep Emma down at all. She's obviously going to carry on with her dreams and one of those dreams happens to still be pro wrestling. A lot of people have been in contact with Emma since her release but...
  6. Randy Savage vs. Ricky Steamboat The Ultimate Warrior The Undertaker vs. The Rock Tully Blanchard Andre The Giant vs. Bret Hart RAW Taping: December 4, 1993 The match started with an announcement about how the Rock would be returning to WWE on Monday. Hulk Hogan was also mentioned and said...
  7. It has been speculated for months with only slight clues, that WWE has re-worked the original Undertaker's "The Streak" match from WrestleMania X-Seven to one that would match the Streak. The question, now, is how? Will this match be "real?" Or a gimmick match that we will get only because...
  8. Pro Wrestling Sheet has learned WWE is planning to run live events in the United Kingdom twice a month after the UK Championship series officially kicks off and the show's top stars were recently signed to new deals. According to sources the current plan is to shoot the television show...
  9. In 1993, a organization called Eastern Championship Wrestling held its first show in Phildelphia, PA.It was owned by long time local wrestling promotor Tod Gordon, in conjunction with Denis Carluzo's newly rejuvenated National Wrestling Alliance. But back then there was no HARDCORE violence, no blood, just wrestling. But as the...
  10. A year ago today, it was announced that WWE signed Jey Uso to a deal that would make him the company's first ever black wrestler, a position that they only hold for one night a year. Uso will debut in a few weeks on SmackDown Live, but while he is...
  11. It's not often you get a chance to talk with a former WWE Super Star who's still in the business. Yet this morning at a live QA event, former Intercontinental Champion John "Bradshaw" Layfield who has become a popular face and occasional commentator for SmackDown Live took the time to...
  12. 1 Clean This Day in Wrestling May 15, 2011 This Day in Wrestling 11-15-11 WWE Hall of Famer Bruno Sammartino talks with Paul Heyman, and the guys preview the ECW live event from Free View in iTunes 2 Clean This Day in Wrestling May 7, 2011 This Day in Wrestling...
  13. WWE star John Cena defends his idea for the WWE spinning title belt, yet says it's also time for it to be replaced, praises Seth Rollins aka former ROH Champion Tyler Black Mar 22, 2012 - 11:37 AM WWE star John Cena appeared on The Mix 106.1 MixPhiladelphia.com in Philadelphia,...
  14. By James Pindell Former WWE star Chris Jericho was recently released by the company along with four other wrestlers. The company said the wrestlers' contracts were not renewed after the June 7 episode of Raw in San Antonio, Texas. The announcement was made early Saturday morning in a statement that...
  15. The New Day's mainstay, Daniel Bryan, has revealed why he was fired from Impact Wrestling at the end of the company's 2015 World Heavyweight Championship run. Bryan's contract ran out at the end of 2015, as WWE signed a new deal with TNA for him to come back as a...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 6] — 414 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Here Are the Seven Out Athletes Competing in the Sochi Winter Olympics Get a compelling long read and must-have lifestyle tips in your inbox every Sunday morning great with coffee! Just so you're on your gay-game while watching this year's Winter Olympics, here's a quick photo roundup of the seven...
  2. In a world that has seen few such shifts since the birth of feminism in the early 1900s, the news that the International Olympic Committee would allow Iranian women to participate on its team in the upcoming Winter Games in February seemed a milestone. But as the days ticked toward...
  3. A light blinks on the black box alerting the gymnast to begin her routine. She launches off the vault, lands and turns to salute the robotic judge. Her score is already flashing on the big screen to the Olympics crowd and to millions of viewers at home, who have followed...
  4. Brett T. Carll The New York Times Last week, I watched the opening ceremonies of the 2010 International Olympic Games for the first time and I was stunned by the level of creativity and craftsmanship that they displayed. As if the sheer scale and splendor of the athletes, the stadiums,...
  5. Sochi Olympic pairs champions Tatyana Volosozhar and Maksim Trankov didn't retire with any fanfare, but chose not to defend their gold medal in PyeongChang. Now, in a new interview with International Figure Skating, the Russian pair said they have "said goodbye to figure skating as competitors." They said they didn't...
  6. Crown Heights-based rapper Sia has said she would "love to take part" in the Olympic Games in Rio in August as a singer and dancer but cannot due to her commitments in her music career. The 27-year-old singer, who recently released her new album, The Greatest, shared her views on...
  7. Bobsleigher Quinn said his bathroom door had become 'jammed' An American bobsleigher had to smash through a jammed bathroom door inside the Sochi 2014 athletes' village on the opening day of the Winter Games. Johnny Quinn became trapped in his room after a shower and, unable to raise help, simply...
  8. Rio 2016: IOC votes to abolish gender in the Olympics Updated The International Olympic Committee IOC has voted to abolish gender from the Olympics. The IOC's executive board said this week that it would be able to change all Olympic sports when they were running at a high level. "The...
  9. Photo by Ryan PierseGetty Images Another day, another snowboarding controversy at the Sochi Olympics. Last week, American snowboarder Shaun White pulled out of men's slopestyle amid concerns that the course was too dangerous, saying, "the potential risk of injury is a bit too much for me to gamble my other...
  10. erage of the 2016 Olympic games, we are just minutes away from the first swimming event, and there has been a lot of talk about this race hasn't there Steve?'' Helen smiled at Steve, who shook his head as he turned to the camera. That's right Helen, the athletes village...
  11. The "M" in GYMNAST is often represented as a pair of interlocking circles; an unusual symbol for an international sport. . In 2008, the IOC proposed to eliminate the circle, but it was passed down to the International Olympic Committee IOC as part of its proposal to reduce the size...
  12. In the final moments before the opening ceremony, with most of us already safely in the hotel bar or already in bed, it was all about the party before we could properly enjoy the party. The world's longest running athletics competition was back on the biggest TV screens around and...
  13. SOCHI, Russia The backlash against Russian figure skater Evgeni Plushenko dropping out of the men's individual event because of injury has caused a firestorm of criticism here. That included a national politician on Friday calling for a law to be passed banning any Russian from competing in more than two...
  14. By Adam Taylor BBC News Online, Tokyo Japanese fans at the Olympic stadium in Tokyo. Some of them have flown in from around the world for the opening ceremonies It is one of the world's defining moments, and the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games on Friday is expected to...
  15. If you haven't already, take a moment to watch our recent short documentary that goes inside the brains of women athletes. You can also subscribe to our YouTube channel. Ahead of the Sochi Games which start Friday we're asking female athletes to share their favorite things about the games. Their...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 7] — 27442 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Jonathan Langa is one of the rookies fighting for a spot on Ticats roster The Ticats will be heading to Winnipeg tomorrow for their final pre-season game. One of the rookies expected to make the team is Jonathan Langa, a linebacker out of St. Mary's in Halifax. Langa gained some...
  2. It was the end of the season and the Tigers were in a dogfight for the top spot. On the field it didn't look good, and the team's fans on the road were getting agitated. So what's the right thing to do now? It is a question I am frequently...
  3. "I'm still fighting on, with the same team, same coaches, and still having that hope and belief at the end of the day that, yeah, we can do this," Lacy said. "So I feel pretty good with my situation as far as the direction this team is going." Lacy's situation,...
  4. After winning three out the first four days on his return to fitness, Robbie Keane has revealed he is now feeling the real effects of his two-months-long layoff. The Liverpool forward underwent surgery on a herniated disk in early January and revealed on the club's official online channel he was...
  5. I've seen it before. When a team is fighting back from a deficit a coach goes down to the bench and grabs a couple of drinks. When he gets back out the lights and he asks the players to stand. "I'm going to give you the next 30 seconds on...
  6. News League is currently full. Taking applications for future replacement owners in case one is needed. Please fill out an application. Congratulations to Memphis, the 2018 MLB Champion NFL Season Currently Underway NBA Offseason Meetings Underway
  7. The first half was very good. The second half was not. John Hackworth Hackwina26 March 25, 2017 That didn't take long to get a response from coach John Hackworth, who gave the response. The question was what the coaching staff will do to remedy that after the 2-0 loss to...
  8. Player Facts Blidh is a gritty winger who plays with a lot of energy. Can kill penalties and is a terrific shot blocker. Also owns some offensive instincts and a willingness to go hard to the net. Loves to agitate and rile up opponents. - Erik K. Piri, EP 2014
  9. Harry Rosehill An Ode To White Hart Lane I've been coming to White Hart Lane as far back as I can remember. For embarrassing proof, take a look at this video: Now, before its demise at the end of the 201617 season, I decided to visit White Hart Lane and...
  10. "It's important to have an idea of what he's able and not able to do. I'm not going to play him. There's no point in having a player like him with a chronic injury." - John Tortorella "To me, the last time I played him I didn't do well." -...
  11. A few days ago I mentioned the potential value of the first day of training camp. Here's how the league can use that info during the preseason. The first time you face a team in the preseason, you'll probably have no idea who you're playing. You and the coaches are...
  12. An update from Mr. K.V. Bhalerao Kanarkot This season is all about change, and in one way or another change is a part of our football experience. Our team is a mix of young and old, and this is reflected in the way our dressing room operates. In some ways...
  13. Syracuse, N.Y. The Syracuse Crunch announced its preseason schedule Tuesday evening. A total of nine exhibition series will follow the team through the 2015 preseason in eight countries across Europe over the next two months. The first of these road series will be against the Zurich Lions Sept. 26-28 in...
  14. "I'm going to work on it, yeah," said Tom Crean in answer to a question about his team's shooting. "We worked hard on a couple of things, and we'll see where it goes. We're trying to improve some things defensively. That was a big part of our success last year,...
  15. "You're going to see a different player," one official with a team said. The players with the most to gain by being in Florida are the players, with their parents and agents, who are living there, playing the games or watching the games. "They'll be the ones who win that...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 8] — 171 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. If you have been to Disney World recently, chances are you have noticed that one of the major attractions here is the Pirates of the Caribbean attraction, which opened back in 2003. Since then, the ride has had some major changes, making it one of the most enjoyable ride experiences...
  2. Disneyland Park Hours Parades and Show Times Monday, October 1, 2018 DISNEYLAND PARK: 8:00-12:00 Mickey's Soundsational Parade: Fireworks: Fantasmic!: 9:00pm, 10:30pm Jedi Training: 10:30am, 11:35am, 12:40pm, 2:25pm, 3:30pm, 4:35pm Mickey and the Magical Map: 12:00pm, 1:05pm, 2:15pm, 4:15pm, 5:20pm Pixar Play Parade: 3:30pm The Laughing Stock Co.: Royal Theatre: 10:45am,...
  3. This post may contain affiliate links; please read the disclosure for more information. Pin 0 Shares Today we bring you a brand new episode of Disney Parks Blog TV where the Disney Parks Blog Tour Hosts talk about The Happiest Place on Earth. The Happiest Place on Earth is a...
  4. This post may contain affiliate links; please read the disclosure for more information. Pin 0 Shares Disney is putting on a fireworks extravaganza over the next few nights for the first time in years, with a total of 15 fireworks displays happening as far north as West Windsor and as...
  5. Forum Forums Share Share The Disney Springs Fountain Show is coming soon to Downtown Disney. The show is currently taking over Space Mountain at Space Mountain and is set to move next month to The Landing, which is currently under construction. A recent photo posted on Twitter, shows what appears...
  6. When we think about food at Disney Parks, we tend to think about the traditional favorites from the parks. Mickey Mouse's Cone Corn Pops at Disney's Hollywood Studios, or the Mickey Hot Dog on the boardwalk in Downtown Disney. But, with over 400 foods and snack purchases already made at...
  7. The new 'Fantasy Island' has opened Sydney's Fantasy Island has opened its doors this morning and it has been a long wait for some visitors. The Australian-themed amusement, which opened last summer, is Sydney's largest amusement park. In a statement late on Monday, a spokesperson for the park said the...
  8. Forum Forums Share Share Disney's Animal Kingdom is hosting a celebration of D23 EXPO on September 19, 2017 during which an all day event featuring new and upcoming films will take place at Cinderella Castle. The new features at D23 EXPO 2017 include a new attraction based on Pixar's Cars...
  9. Forum Forums Share Share Disney's Hollywood Studios today announced that on January 19 it will temporarily close the Magic Eye Theater. Replacing the Magic Eye Theater will be a new nighttime fireworks display over Hollywood Boulevard. The new show will feature a "Mona Lisa" effect, and the new nighttime fireworks...
  10. Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge opened in April 2001. It is a deluxe resort hotel located at the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida. The hotel is themed around the wildlife of Africa and is adjacent to the Animal Kingdom theme park. It features savanna-view rooms, African-inspired architecture and decor, and...
  11. If you were to ask anyone at Disney how Disney World's fireworks are made, you'd be asked how long it takes to make the fireworks. Unfortunately, there is no set number of hours for an area's firework display to be made. Most areas have several different firework crews that work...
  12. Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge opened on April 16, 2001. It is a deluxe resort hotel located at the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida. The resort is themed to represent the cultures of Africa, and the architecture and decor reflect this theme. The hotel also features a savanna where guests...
  13. We spent Sunday at Disney's Hollywood Studios, taking in some of the changes already in progress as the park transforms to add more Toy Story attractions and a whole new land based on the new Star Wars movies. More on that in the coming days. We had fun, but there...
  14. Forum Forums Share Share Tomorrow's Disney's Hollywood Studios preview event will be at a new location a brand new restaurant on the Disney's Hollywood Studios property. A new themed restaurant, called "Hollywood HUB," opened today at Disney's Hollywood Studios. It houses a menu of seasonal and themed dishes with drinks....
  15. Forum Forums Share Share Disney's Animal Kingdom will reopen today and is scheduled to close at 9pm nightly, the park announced this week. All Animal Kingdom attractions, including the popular Harambe exhibit, will remain open. There will reportedly be extended hours for character meet and greets in Harambe's habitat as...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 9] — 378 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. . Chiabu, Master of Pied, and his his wife, his father. 2. Vech, Knight, his wife, and his father. 3. Laurenti Vandie, the artist. 4. The Great painter of a bunch of paintings. 5. Marie-Antoinette and her father. 6. Istabel Nacosia, a female artist. 7. Simone Morille, a female artist....
  2. . Géricault, and his student Jacques-Louis David, were the main artists from that period, both from France. They had some famous paintings, such as Jubilate and The Last of the Shepherds.
  3. One prominent artist from the 19th century was French artist Claude Monet. He was a founder of Impressionism, and his body of work ranges from realist and romantic landscapes to seascapes and still lifes. Another famous artist from the 19th century was English artist William Turner, who was known as...
  4. GeneVanin was a Russian-born French painter, who worked in the 19th century. His most well-known paintings depict scenes from everyday life. He was especially noted for his landscape and portrait paintings. The painting you are researching is a landscape painting depicting a lake surrounded by forest. The painting has a...
  5. Artemisia and Caravaggio: Expressions Displayed by Art Essay Art embodies a wide range of activities such as sculpting, architecture, painting, and photography. It has been a part of humanity and has existed for a long time, even during medieval times. Art is an essential part of life; paintings reflect what...
  6. Van Gogh was the most prolific artist of the 19th century. The style which was known as Vilace, and which was characterized by rapid, flowing movement, and a strong expression of emotions. There were thousands of artists who were working of this type, and they are some of the greatest...
  7. Pablo Picasso and Michelangelo Buonarroti Compare Contrast Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Pablo Picasso 3. Michelangelo Bounarroti 4. Similarities between Pablo Picasso and Michelangelo 5. Differences between Pablo Picasso and Michelangelo Buonarroti 6. Conclusion 7. Works Cited Introduction Pablo Picasso was a Spanish painter who lived in the...
  8. Paintings of Atlanta High Museum of Art Works Essay Art plays a crucial role in the life of people, formulating the main achievement of humanity. It includes paintings, sculptures, and other types, as the form of art that causes emotion with the help of visual organs. Some works remain valuable...
  9. Chicagos The Dinner Party and da Vincis The Last Supper Essay The first image is an example of postmodern art. The installation The Dinner Party was created in 1979 by Judy Chicago. The second image is a piece of Renaissance art entitled The Last Supper and created by Leonardo da...
  10. Eastern Influences over Ingress The Grande Odalisque and Henri Matisses The Woman with a Hat Term Paper This paper intends to discuss the similarities and differences of two different styles of pieces. The first one is Jean-Auguste Dominiques Ingress, Grand Odalisque, and the second piece is, Henri Matisses, The Woman...
  11. Comparison and Contrast of Art History Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Thesis Statement 3. Artworks Brief History 4. Artworks Visual Analysis 5. Artworks Comparison 6. Connection of Artworks with Their Historical Periods 7. Conclusion 8. References Introduction This paper is dedicated to the analysis and comparison of...
  12. The Weeders By Breton And Women Picking Olives By Van Gogh Research Paper The two paintings under consideration, Van Goghs Women Picking Olives , and Bretons The Weeders, have much in common, despite choosing dramatically different techniques, reflecting a change of approach, but achieving equally lovingly appreciative results. These works,...
  13. Pablo Picasso was a great painter and a fantastic person. Not to worry, he also had some extraordinary artworks, such as this. The "Madonna Head" is also a good example of Cubist art. As you can see by this comparison, the "Madonna Head" is similar to Picasso's "Woman in a...
  14. Mona Lisa: The Mona Lisa is arguably the most famous painting in the world, created by renowned Italian artist Leonardo da Vinci in the early 16th century. It depictures a woman with an enigmatic smile and is often praised for its serene beauty and enigmatic expression. 2 The Starry Night:...
  15. Vincent van Gogh was a Dutch Post-Impressionist painter who was a part of the Expressionist Movement. He is most well-known for his famously vivid, bold and colorful works, such as his Sunflowers series. He was self-taught, and is one of the most influential artists in modern history. His iconic works...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 10] — 615 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The leaders of history have been pretty influential for most of human history, although not without their fair share of controversies and famous figures. If you were to consider the leaders of political systems, that would be a different category, which you might call social hierarchy. In ancient times, the...
  2. Pharonic culture really ended when Egypt became a province of the Roman Empire . For several hundred years before that Egypt had been ruled by Macedonian Greeks the Ptolemys , 330 - 30 BCE who had wrested Egypt away from the Persian Empire who had ruled Egypt for some time...
  3. Hatshepsuts History: From a Regent to Pharaoh Essay Introduction The era of ancient Egypt is one of the most remarkable periods in history. The Pharaohs were the kings and queens of Egypt, and thus they assumed all powers within the kingdoms. The Pharaohs headed the government and occupied the position...
  4. . Heres one interesting fact about Ancient Egypt: 2. At the time of the Ancient Egyptian Empire, the Egyptians were made into a society-state called the A. The A was made up of men, and led by a Pharaoh, and the Egyptians didnt know how much money and resources. 3....
  5. Social and Gender Relations of the Pharaonic Egypt Essay Critical Writing Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Wellbeing within the Society 3. Marriage and Gender Relations 4. Social relations 5. Hierarchies 6. Conclusion Introduction Originally, social and gender relations of the Pharaonic Egypt are studied by various historical documents and...
  6. The History of Ramses II: The Greatest of All Pharaohs of His Time Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Contributions 3. Impact and influence 4. Lessons learnt 5. Conclusion 6. References 7. Footnotes Introduction Ramses II was an Egyptian leader who ruled the ancient civilization between the periods of...
  7. A lot of the dates I use are very approximate . I just want to give you a basic idea of the history . Not unlike the British Isles , the place we call Egypt has been invaded ruled by a bunch of different people and ethnic groups over time...
  8. Description of the pharaoh Amenhotep III c.1391 - c.1354 BC and his reign. During the reign of Amenhotep III c.1391 - c.1354 BC, Egypt reached a peak in both political power and cultural achievement. He began his reign at the age of 12 with his mother, Mutemwia, acting as regent...
  9. Egyptian Pharaohs Power and Personalities Essay Pharaohs power was established by the representatives of the First Dynasty. A pharaoh was introduced as a strong king who aimed at structuring Egyptian life. That person was a political and religious leader. Pharaohs gave orders and made people build pyramids as the places...
  10. Well, it seems that the Egyptians felt that history began with the reign of the Pharaoh Khufu, or Cheops, choo. Many Egyptians wrote this down as a mythology, that the Pharaoh was a king of the second century, and that he led some kind of revolution and rebellion, that led...
  11. The first thing that should be known is that the name "Rhodesian" is very inaccurate. It refers to a region in the west of Europe. In fact you could just as easily call it the "west of Europe" since it is quite a long way west of the Black Sea....
  12. The Egyptian people represent a civilization in Civilization VI. Their colors are dark turquoise 155760 and yellow FFFF58, and they are led by Cleopatra. The Egyptians' civilization ability is "Iteru," which decreases the build time of wonders and districts adjacent to rivers. Their unique unit is the Maryannu Chariot Archer...
  13. The Role of Kingship in Ancient Egypt Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Examples of the Role 3. Changes from Pharaonic to the Greco-Roman Period 4. Conclusion 5. Works Cited Introduction The king in ancient Egypt was at the top of the social pyramid and acted as a link...
  14. Rulers of the Late Assyrian Empire also known as the Neo-Assyrian Empire, ca. 900612 BCE constructed monumental royal palaces as part of large state-sponsored building programs at Assur, Kalḫu Nimrud, Dur-Sharruken Khorsabad, and Nineveh, the royal centers of the Assyrian heartland in present-day northern Iraq. These structures served as the...
  15. The origins of our great Nation are shrouded in mystery - the passage of time has erased any trace of the nomadic existence of our ancestors. Who were they? From whence did they come? It is unknown, save for one aspect - they had somehow learned to make beautiful pottery...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 11] — 5031 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. For the past eight years, David Hines, one of the most prominent, and best-loved, of Nashville's alt-country artists has been trying to escape from Nashville. He's wanted to go back to school to improve his knowledge of the craft and he's spent money to do so, even though he knows...
  2. Ricky Bobby and the Soul Sonic Force In the 80's, the music industry began a massive shift in direction and became more interested in how to promote artists' musical identity more than how to get them to sell records. For a long time, the industry saw itself as the promoter...
  3. Destiny's Child was an American girl group that was formed in Houston, Texas in 1997. The members of the group were Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, and Michelle Williams. The group released several successful albums and singles and was one of the most popular and successful girl groups of all time....
  4. We are the first independent producer to acquire a global license for the full catalog of the Grammy Award-winning artist, singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Grammy-Award winning singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist We are the first independent producer to acquire a global license for the full catalog of the Grammy Award-winning artist,...
  5. Given his voracious desire to perform, it was always inevitable that last year's formidable 'Mystery White Boy' would not be the only Jeff Buckley live album to see the light of day. Once again, his mother Mary Guibert and guitarist Michael Tighe have collaborated to make these tapes available for...
  6. In the spring of 2006, Columbia University senior Rostam Batmanglij was entertaining literary society parties with his fledgling postmodern Afro-pop band, Vampire Weekend, and wondering if he could pull off life as a professional musician. By the spring of 2008, he was playing the bands runaway hit single, A-Punk, on...
  7. Described by Vibe magazine as "one helluva rock'n'roller-coaster ride" and by Pop Matters as "a treasure waiting to be found," Toshi Reagon is a one-woman celebration of all that's dynamic, progressive and uplifting in American music. Since first taking to the stage at age 17, this versatile singer-songwriter-guitarist has moved...
  8. A couple of weeks ago, we had the pleasure of interviewing the most powerful producer in the industry and a true pioneer at the forefront of dance music innovation. Over the course of the last 20 years, David Guetta has gone from being just another young DJ to being one...
  9. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Steve Strange left and Rusty Egan helped establish the aesthetic of the 1980s Visage were never the most popular or successful band of the New Romantic era - but Steve Strange, who has died at the age of 55, was the movement's head boy....
  10. Singer-songwriter Tom Waits, who recorded his debut album in the mid-'80s, will release a new studio album called The Big Cheese in March 2016. The album, as first revealed by Fuse, will mark the singer's first record for the label. With the single "The Big Cheese" from this year's "The...
  11. The American-born, British-turned-Sweden native, whose real name is Christopher Bailey, became a sensation around the world two years ago with his self-produced album "Savage." In 2011 he also received a prestigious Grammy nomination for his song "Let Her Go." Now, in the early stages of a new release, he's working...
  12. A new book on the history of New York City's "Famous Five" rap groups, The Five, by historian Steve Schwartz, will be published by Yale University Press on March 7. The book tells the story from the group's inception in the '70s until now, and includes more than 80 photographs....
  13. by Brian PearlA pdf version of this article may be downloaded here Girl Talk is the self-imposed moniker of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania-based artist Gregg Gillis. Since his first album, "Secret Diary," FN1 Gillis's work has evolved from glitch-heavy electronic music interspersed with pre-existing samples to a collage of the most recognizable...
  14. This video was sent to me by someone who was at last year's TCAF. I've been missing the big party so it's good to hear about it. It's really fun and energetic for a big gathering. The show has plenty of good material, especially from last year. I think our...
  15. The White Stripes may have been one of the most-loved bands of the last generation for those lucky enough to watch '60s TV shows like Barney Miller, The Andy Griffith Show and MASH, to say nothing of all the classic rock covers but in the new fascinating documentary This Is...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 12] — 180 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. In the present you ask about, the meaning of life is: searching for deeper meaning and purpose in ones life. Many people get this as a simple search question, but others might take it more generally. Its a tricky question! If you really want to know what the meaning of...
  2. Oh we could look it up on Google! Lets see. The concept of life has been described as meaning, value, angst, dread, and many other emotional states, but it is also a concept of freedom and personal autonomy, to create ones own meaning in the world.
  3. : What is the meaning of life? 2: How can you discover the true meaning? 3: How can you make sense of what youre not yet sure of? 4: How can you make sense of a situation that isnt yet clear?
  4. This is a very broad question, since there are many different meanings of life. However, what are the very broad principles upon which we believe that the meaning of life is in a general sense: 1 The existence of things, which are unordered, 2 The existence of things for which...
  5. The question of life is very abstract and has been asked many times throughout human history. It is also a problem that is still widely discussed, which is why Im still trying to come up with a good definition. Some people believe that the meaning of life is simply to...
  6. The question of the meaning of life is very abstract and has been asked many times throughout human history. I think the most helpful answer for today is to simply to think about what we would want to say about the meaning of life. That is,, what would be the...
  7. I think that the meaning of life is simply to live a good and kind life, and to achieve certain goals. We also talk about certain questions about the meaning of life, such as what constitutes existence, what seems to be true beyond our own experience, and what makes life...
  8. Well, life is a mystery. Theres no meaning in the sense of being, because meaning is a-of-the-Peculi, a belief in something, not a value. Theres also much in the common world folk belief of a meaning or sugar, but none in modern science. But, if you do have an idea...
  9. The meaning of life has always been a big question for philosophers. There are lots of different definitions, but I think the most important one is Im not going to give up my precious life, no matter how bad the situation. Instead, Ill look to what that precious life was...
  10. Society would have us believe that life has meaning. They are wrong.'' So?'' 'So'? What do you mean'so'?'' I mean, why should I care? Why should you care?'' Because they're wrong, and-'' And it matters that they are wrong?'' Of course it matters that they are wrong!'' Why?'' Why does...
  11. Oh, what are you asking about? We know that life has meaning, and that the meaning of life isnt necessarily defined by the existence of a society, or community. What do you mean?
  12. The question of the meaning of life is very abstract and has been asked many times throughout human history. I think the most plausible answer is life. Life is a very broad concept, and includes all of the biological processes that occur in our brains, our heart, and our lungs....
  13. You asked about the meaning of life, which is a persons life and beliefs. Im his father, and he is a human. Im not really sure what else I can say about his beliefs, or what you would think, but I know that his understanding of life is a lot,...
  14. This is a tricky question. There certainly is a set of very useful beliefs about the meaning of life, which can guide many peoples beliefs in the future. But its a very deep question, and not really something we can easily prove or prove conclusively. I dont know of a...
  15. . Já was meant to indicate to you, that the meaning of life is to find things that are valuable, and that the worlds happiness is to have these things. 2. Já was meant to indicate to you, that the happiness refers to everything in life, and everything is valuable....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 13] — 812 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. You should use referential or comprehesive synonyms in the resumes title, since these words are specific to the employment in question. You should also use functional or academics synonyms in the content, since these also refer to functions performed and knowledge, in addition to the function.
  2. Resume? You need to give your employees a job, and a career, and they are going to need a summary.
  3. You want to have your resume be detailed, and provide a good overview of your skills, experience, and education. What are your goals? What kind of support do you have now?
  4. Absolutely! Can I help you with any particular example that youre struggling with? It looks like you are pretty good at the resume-making process, in general.
  5. S.J.resume I've been using the following for a while, it works great: http:www.reddit.commessagecompose?tosjresume But I was a little bit confused as to where the resume text comes from. Here's a good explanation for how the CSS resumelist works if you have any questions. For my situation: http:i.imgur.comj2dUqkF.jpg I set my...
  6. My resume gets a great job, but my resume writing can be very competitive for most job prospects now. The first step is to check if there are any online sources that are good at helping people get their resume in the public eye. You can also check if there...
  7. Heres the resume example that I found online: - Work experience - 4 months work experience in an office - 2 years work experience in an office - 2 years work experience in an organization - 3 skills for the field youre in - 3 skills for the future -...
  8. Sure, I would be happy to provide feedback on your resume. Could you please provide me with a copy of the resume so I can review it?
  9. Good question. The resume process is also a good use for the word processor, so you should be using it.
  10. . Take your resume, and put it into a bullet point form, with dots on each bullet point. 2. Take one letter of recommendation, and put it on the resume, on a separate column. 3. Use a specific sentence, in the resume, demonstrating the skills and experience you have that...
  11. Yes, I'd be happy to help you out. Let me take a look at your resume and I'll make suggestions on what changes and edits you can make to improve it.
  12. Sure ! Here is an example of a resume for a mid - level backend developer using markdown formatting : John Doe Backend Developer with 5 years of experience in building and maintaining scalable web applications. Skilled in Python, Ruby, and Java. Skills Proficient in Python, Ruby, and Java Experienced...
  13. Creating a successful resume and cover letter will help increase your chances of securing an interview for the job you are applying for. To begin, you should start by researching the company you are applying for and obtaining a job description so that you can tailor your resume and cover...
  14. I've heard it said that many people get their job offers, especially when they are in their mid twenties, because they don't have a degree. Well I'm still not sure if it's because students haven't had enough time to earn one or the fact that they are looking for the...
  15. You need to explain how you achieved the skills in your industry. How did you get into the career, and how can you show skills that set you apart from your competition? If I look at your resume, one sentence might stand out, like: "My family and I are a...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 14] — 308 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. First of all, I need to clarify what philosophy means. According to the dictionary, it is the method of examining a thing for which there are no other existing alternatives. So in this sense, the ancient civilizations could refer to philosophical beliefs like the Theory of Forms, the Theory of...
  2. Continental Philosophy: Existentialism and Phenomenology Essay Table of Contents 1. Inroduction 2. Existentialism 3. Phenomenology 4. References Inroduction Existentialism is based on the assumption that traditional philosophy is remote from the concerns of real life while the true philosophy should focus on the individual confrontation with the world. World is...
  3. Berkeleys and Lockes Philosophies Comparison Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Main body 3. Simple and Complex Ideas 4. Conclusion 5. Works Cited Introduction Philosophy has always been a great issue for debates for many philosophers and thinkers. As such, the main leitmotifs of this paper will be philosophical...
  4. What is Philosophy: Meaning and Importance Essay Table of Contents 1. What Is Philosophy: Introduction 2. Philosophy Definition: Socrates 3. Importance of Philosophy in Life 4. The Value of Philosophy 5. What Is Philosophy: Conclusion 6. Works Cited What Is Philosophy: Introduction Philosophy is the search for knowledge through applying...
  5. "If you believe that you are free, you are wrong. This is because the only people who are truly free, I mean truly free are those who do not have to think about what they do. They simply do it. In the same way, you do not have to be...
  6. Rene Descartes and Karl Marxs Philosophy Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Comparison 3. Contrast 4. Conclusion 5. References Introduction Great philosophical thinkers like Rene Descartes and Karl Marx made significant contributions to the modern knowledge, especially philosophy. The massive philosophical Knowledge we have today is based on theories...
  7. You know. Plato was a philosopher. He helped his friend Aristotle understand: how to tell ones knowledge from being a whole. Plato said that knowledge is an essence, a value, as something does not exist. It is something we can prove, like being a number. He was talking about "the...
  8. Is Philosophy Just an Academic Discipline? Essay Philosophy is a study whose main aim is to understand and explain the mysteries of reality and existence. It tries to unravel the nature of truth and knowledge and to find out the basic values and importance of life. Philosophy carefully examines the...
  9. STRANGER THAN FICTION AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION OF 9-11 AND THE WAR ON TERRORISM By Dr. Albert D Pastore Phd. Author hereby grants full permission to reproduce and mass distribute this paper for non-commercial use. All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed, second it is violently opposed, and...
  10. Stoicism is an ancient Greek philosophical system that emphasizes the development of self-control, resilience, and inner peace. It proposes that we can attain a good life by accepting lifes difficulties with equanimity, adapting our internal state to our external environment. Stoics put focus on virtue and living a purposeful life...
  11. Rene Descartes: A Brief Perspective Essay Introduction Amongst the galaxy of French thinkers, philosophers, and writers, Rene Descartes stands as one of the tallest luminaries. Descartes was also called the Father of Modern Western Philosophy whose writings have had a profound effect on the formation of modern nation-states. This essay...
  12. Concept of Direct Realism in Philosophy Essay There are a lot of different philosophical theories which are applied into modern life. Considering realism as a philosophical trend, it may be defined as the ability to perceive things as real ones. Nowadays, there are to approaches to realism, extreme realism and...
  13. Basic Theories in Socrates Philosophy Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Socrates: Criterion of Truth 3. Socrates: Truth and the Concept of Responsibility 4. Socrates: the Concept of Shame 5. Boethius: Knowing and the Nature of Knower 6. Boethius: Outward vs. Internal Sources of Human Happiness 7. Conclusion 8....
  14. Epictetus Ideas in Philosophy Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Life of Epictetus 3. Epictetus Ideas and Teachings 4. Relation to Aristotle 5. Relation to Plato 6. Conclusion 7. Works Cited Introduction Everyone is aware that philosophy deals with the most abstract questions about the nature of life...
  15. In the spring of 1965, a few weeks before his 18th birthday, the first-year Yale University freshman Daniel Dennett enrolled in a Philosophy of Mind elective class. The class, as recounted in a chapter of his 1997 book Anticipating Tomorrow: Philosophical Studies 1960-1970, was by no means unenlightening. For one...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 15] — 187 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Ethical Solution to Intercultural Problems Essay Ethical evaluations and prescriptions of human behavior can be observed through the principle ethical elements analysis. For the purpose of significant ethical problems overcome, one is to take into account the values and traditions promoted in a particular culture viewing it through ethical norms....
  2. Concept and Theories of Sociology as a Social Science Essay Table of Contents 1. Definition of Sociology 2. Sociological imagination 3. Social and personal problemsissues 4. Structural Functionalism Theory of sociology Definition of Sociology Sociology is a social science that studies human beings in their social setting including their descent,...
  3. Ethics is a way of governing what is considered moral, or good in the world. The ethics framework is set up according to principles such as love, generosity, honesty, and equality. These principles make the ethical decisions, the morality rules, and the ethics state. For example, if the ethics say...
  4. Integrated vs. Fragmented Sociological Theory Essay An integrated, comprehensive, and unified sociological theory is possible It should be known that sociological theory revolves around the need to understand our society and that is why we can say that it is centered on a given attempt. Therefore, we can wholesomely say...
  5. The Importance of Value Essay From a psychological perspective, values can be presented as broad preferences of individuals about various actions and outcomes. At this point, they express individuals sense of morally justified action. Values also allow people to distinguish between right and wrong, as well as shape their attitudes...
  6. These are both major groups involved in social social theory, which describes society. Different social cultures are stratified in relations between social structure, practice, and political power, which are captured in the structure of society. Sociology studies this question, since it is central to understanding how all society structures, and...
  7. Sociological Imagination: Charles Wright Mills View Essay The famous American sociologist Charles Wright Mills believed that in order to understand certain sociocultural realities and peoples attitudes towards them and their behavior, it is necessary for a sociologist to situate themselves in a social reality of others, to realize the classic...
  8. Wearing a Face Mask: An Ethical Perspective Essay Ethics offer two major theoretical perspectives from which one can determine whether their actions are morally right or not. On the one hand, teleology claims that an act is morally right if it results in a greater level of good than any...
  9. The Theory of Ethical Egoism and Utilitarianism Report Assessment Ethical egoism is a normative theory that advocates that a persons own good is consistent with the concept of morality. Ethical egoism also does not require moral agents to prejudice the interests and well-being of others by making their moral choices....
  10. Chapters 14-15 in The Consumer Society by Baudrillard Essay Critical Writing The study of sociology has been significant to many sociological scholars. Sociology has proven as an indispensable tool in providing not only the scholars, but also the entire community with a different point of view on crucial matters Baudrillard,...
  11. Pragmatic ethics Case Study Table of Contents 1. Virtue Ethics 2. Egalitarian Approach 3. Deontological Approach 4. Ethics of Duties 5. References Pragmatic ethics is an emerging field of ethics that perceives ethics as science, which consists of both theory and practice. Proponents of pragmatic ethics argue that, ethical theory...
  12. Ethics is a system of moral principles that helps us to decide what is right and wrong in behavior. It is a branch of philosophy which seeks to define morality and how to live ethically by examining concepts such as good and bad, justice, virtue, and vice.
  13. Peoples Culture and Ethics Relations Essay Article The common habit of criticizing other cultures is sometimes not fair enough, at least from the perspective of Mary Midgely. In her article Trying Out Ones New Sword , Midgely p. 116 states that it is impossible to understand other peoples cultures other...
  14. Various Ethical Theories Analysis Report Table of Contents 1. Approaches to Ethical decisions 2. Utilitarianism 3. Kants moral approach 4. Psychological egoism and ethical egoism 5. Didactic stories 6. Ethical virtues and ethics of conduct 7. Reference List Approaches to Ethical decisions Ethics is a prerequisite for human existence. It...
  15. The anthropology of societies, culture, and group dynamics, and the basic principles of these society dynamics. The anthropology of society types, such as small societies, large societies, and political systems, and theories and facts about these types. The Anthropology of the American Indian and Culture, Anthropology of Identity, Political Anthropology,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 16] — 171 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. By Hey guys this is a sponsored chapter for the last week, the donation was a bit delayed since I had 3 kids and some school work to get done. I did my best to make up for it in the chapter though so thank you, hopefully it made up...
  2. advertisement advertisement Here's Chapter 31 13 Sponsored Chapter. I've decided to make sponsored chapters ASAP at exciting parts of the novel, but daily if it isn't. I'll still go with emptying the sponsor queue this week. My plan starts next week. TL: Miki TLC: Ash Editors: Argos Yesu, Kiseki Sponsors:...
  3. By COUNTING DOWN TO 200! Second Guaranteed Chapter 198. 0 Chapter in queue Sorry I forgot to post the preview for this chap! Don't forget to rate the story at Novel Updates! It's one of the better ways to let people know what the translated is about since the raws...
  4. By: Hey guys! Chapter 175 is out! And here's the preview for Chapter 176 which should be up in an hour or so! This chapter is sponsored by: John Thanks to: Shalini, Dora, Shii, Mere Mortem, Youssef, T. C., and Zebulin for reading chapters! Travis for editing and proofreading Chaodow,...
  5. Eighty-two, 82et tu, revenge? The calvary comes charging in for our latest release, but it's Han Yunxi who takes the reins of command. A march to victory starts in chapter 82! In other news, reader sithkazar was awesome enough to help us make a PGC Relationship Diagram! The current version...
  6. Previous Chapter Table of Contents Next Chapter Original and most up to date translations are posted at volaretranslations. Translator's Notes: I have a habit of taking up an entire chapter each week to translate. I plan on not doing much more than that over the course of the year and...
  7. By Hey all, this is the fourth regular chapter of the week. Please join me in thanking the following for their contributions: Translated by: Chua Editors: I and Elkassar Proofreader: Elkassar Chapter Link: chapter 3
  8. By Hey guys, this is the sixth regular chapter of the week! Hope you enjoy! Also, I'll be updating the donation link when I get one. Hope you guys still want to donate. This chapter was translated by me and edited by Michyrr. Read it here! And remember to vote...
  9. Hey all o This is your regular chapter for this week! Please enjoy! -emptycube To my SoJ readers: There will only be one chapter this week due to personal matters. I will make up for it at a later date. Sorry. btw: TM is on Myoniyoni's Group Patreon! o Please...
  10. The first part of this chapter was already translated at the time but I'll update this post. Chapter 25: I was already dying - Previous Chapter  Project Page  Next Chapter -
  11. By This chapter was translated by me and edited by Michyrr. And remember to vote for ZTJ! For those who are feeling generous, thank you to our 600 sponsor, and our 5000 sponsor! Without further ado, please enjoy!  Chapter 613 And remember to vote for ZTJ!
  12. The next chapter! After this is Chapter 8, and Chapter 9 is still being finished. Enjoy the read and please give a big shout out to the translator Thanks to everyone that supported and encouraged me to keep working on the Chinese novel! I'd like to thank them a lot...
  13. By Hi all, our newest chapter is out! This chapter was translated by me and edited by Michyrr. Read it here! Also, enjoy the chapter!
  14. By Here is the third chapter of the week! For more information about the book, visit : Reincarnator Wikia!Any help would be greatly appreciated! Every few milestones or so I will give an extra chapter to thank the helpers! Translated by : Ekdud Edited by : coyotte508
  15. Greetings Everyone, Here is todays Regular Chapter. https:www.patreon.comleogoh Please join me in thanking: translated by: Leo Editor: Arvind Proofreader: Me? Chapter Link: chapter 3 Donation Status  Info also on the sidebar 0 chapters and 2245 in queue
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 17] — 523 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Are you Santa?'' I heard a small voice inquire. For fuck's sake. I thought immediately. Do I look like fucking Santa Claus?'' The child looked confused. Of course. I'm the boogeyman who gets mistaken for Santa Claus. I sighed. Boo!'' I tried. The kid didn't even jump. Instead, he continued...
  2. s and obscure instructions written on them. The floor boards creaked under the weight of bulk. His boots made a loud clump, clump, clump as he threaded his way into the next room. Who the fuck are you?'' A voice shouted, a moment before the rifle butt took Santa in...
  3. a red bicycle, exactly the one in the window at BikeZone. Six gears, double suspension, new brake technology. You deserve it honey. I want a remote control car, Ferrari model. Top speed 40 miles per hour. His Mum, keeping her eyes on the road, had said, of course honey, you...
  4. hite amid a sea of browns, blues, and grays tend to do that. He also eclipsed what little light was let in by the door as it opened, squeezing himself through the opening like a foam ball through a vacuum cleaner hose. Still, there was interest, and there was insult....
  5. n Do it yourself Santa Claws.'' The old man turned at Deer God, waving his talons. Really?!'' One of the brothers snickered. The Eater Bunny popped open another bag of doritos. A fish was flapping over the table again, trying to say something. Or gasping for air. Deer God could...
  6. December 24 7:00 A.M. Santa Clause wakes up from his slumber. Mrs. Clause greets him a good morning. Santa, on the other hand, is still groggy, and fails to greet his wife. He sits down in his favorite chair as breakfast is prepared my Mrs. Clause. Dear, it's time to...
  7. ng the door slow and quiet, but right before I would never see him again, It s OK. I washed up. I looked into her slumbered face. I exited and strolled over to the vending bank. Comfort candy and carbonated caffeine. Turned the corner back toward the room when I...
  8. here wasn't any cookies and milk setting out either. There wasn't a creature stirring, but the whole home felt lifeless and empty. Claus set down his bag and silently walked through the home. A chill ran through the veins of Santa as he walked through the home. He didn't want...
  9. everybody was so busy with the preparations, nobody remembered to wake him. When they finally did wake him, by drunkenly falling over his feet, it was the 24th of December, 11 pm. In other words, it was quite late. All of his doubles had already flown out, distributing coal around...
  10. Santa stood in all his jolly and imposing glory before three young boys. The boys beheld his stern gaze and quickly averted their eyes, the weight of their naughtiness evident in their dejected expressions and awkward fidgeting. A smaller boy lay on the snow covered ground, his face red from...
  11. I couldn't believe what I was reading. Was. Was Santa really real? I thought this was a sick joke, seeing all the stuff Jacob got out of virtually nowhere. First was a Super Soaker, then a airsoft rifle, then a small dagger, then a broadsword, a 10-foot tiger, a king...
  12. p on the stainless steel blade. I'd have to clean that up later. I removed each article of clothing, the white fur stained red, and placed each article in the stove. It would burn black but no one was gon na go outside to see the smoke from the chimney,...
  13. Sonny was animated as he crawled out of his bed on Christmas Eve morning. He hurriedly put his jeans and a top on, followed by two odd socks, then rushed downstairs to the kitchen for breakfast. Mum! he shouted as she entered the room, don t forget we re seeing...
  14. absently toyed with a shiny blue ornament when the door creaked open. He turned, frightened, thinking someone was breaking into his house. The intruder slowly moved inside and shut the door behind him, gasping for breath. Terry noticed that the robber, keeping up with the Christmas spirit, had shunned his...
  15. Dear God. I thought to myself. Just shoot me now. As it was, I could barely hear even that inner monologue over the echoing chaos that was swirling around me. The same Christmas music I had heard all my twenty eight years blared from hidden speaker. Fake snow gleamed in...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 18] — 903 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. We know that the past is always out of season. But we just found some of the most stunning, gorgeous summer photos of the last five years and they all happened in New Mexico. What a time to be alive. In the photos above, you can see many of the...
  2. The beaches in Mexico are mostly on the northern Atlantic Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, and the Atlantic Ocean. On the northern Atlantic Ocean, the most popular beaches are Cancun and Punta Cana. On the west coast of Mexico, the most popular beaches are Puerto Escondido and Oahu, and on the...
  3. Some of the best beach vacation spots in the U.S. include Hawaii, Myrtle Beach in South Carolina, Florida's Sanibel Island, Virginia Beach in Virginia, and California's Coronado Beach.
  4. 1. Anse Lazio, Praslin Island, Seychelles 2. Whitehaven Beach, Queensland, Australia 3. Virginia Beach, Virginia, USA 4. Reynisfjara Beach, Iceland 5. Navagio Beach Shipwreck Beach, Zakynthos, Greece 6. Bavaro Beach, Dominican Republic 7. Playa Roca shelling, El Salvador 8. Bora Bora, French Polynesia 9. Grace Bay, Turks and Caicos 10....
  5. 1. Disney World 2. Kennedy Space Center 3. Universal Studios Orlando 4. Everglades National Park 5. Miami Beach 6. Daytona Beach 7. Key West 8. Tampa Bay 9. St. Augustine 10. Naples
  6. 1 Miami BK andG2, 2 Wildwood Beach, 3 Keyeira Beach, 4 Barbacoa and the Punties, 5 Anning, 6 Tulum, 7 Puerto Princeso, 8 Angioiño and Pucác, 9 Bahama Dio, 10 Piazzafoia The top ten most-loved beaches are listed below: 1 Miami BK andG2, 2 Wildwood Beach, 3 Juan Pelaez, 4...
  7. The best beaches in the world vary depending on who you ask, but some of the most popular choices include Copacabana Beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Bondi Beach in Sydney, Australia, and Whitehaven Beach in the Whitsunday Islands, Australia. Other contenders for the title of world's best beach include...
  8. It's that time of the year again: the summer holiday. This is the time of year when many of us are spending our time in the comfort and security of our beds, enjoying the warm sun from above and the cozy heat of our homes from below, but what's the...
  9. Im not good at skiing, but there are lots of great places in New Vermont. New Vermont is great because you can see all the rivers, and explore lots of snow-covered hiking trails. New Vermont also has an abundance of English culture. Vermont was the first state to adopt a...
  10. Depending on your location, some of the best beaches near you may include: -Myrtle Beach, South Carolina -Hilton Head Island, South Carolina -Ocean City, Maryland -Cocoa Beach, Florida -Assateague Island, Virginia -Clearwater Beach, Florida -Cape Hatteras, North Carolina -Kiawah Island, South Carolina -Hunting Island, South Carolina -Sanibel Island, Florida
  11. I recommend the following beaches: La Jolla Beach in California, Destin Beach in Florida, Siesta Key Beach in Florida, Waikiki Beach in Hawaii, Cannon Beach in Oregon, and Cape Hatteras Beach in North Carolina.
  12. The best places to visit in California include San Francisco, Los Angeles, Yosemite National Park, Muir Woods, Hearst Castle, Monterey Bay Aquarium, and Big Sur. Other must-see attractions include Lake Tahoe, Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Park, Santa Barbara, and Palm Springs.
  13. Here are the most popular beaches in Oahu: The north tip of the island closest to Honolulu Harbor is the most famous beaches such as Nao Beach. Nao Beach is the world-famous beaches in Hawaii to explore. Other popular beaches include Paradise Beach, Pearl Harbor Beach, Beach House, and the...
  14. There are many different types of beaches around the world, but my top-rated list is here: United States Mexico United Kingdom United States United Kingdom United States United Kingdom United States United Kingdom United States
  15. Visit Arenal Volcano, one of the most active volcanoes in the region and explore the surrounding nature reserve. 2 Go for a coffee tour to the nearby Poás Volcano National Park and visit some of the coffee plantations. 3 Experience the thrill of rafting or tubing on the Chirripó or...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 19] — 553 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. 1. Have a baking contest. 2. Put together a scavenger hunt. 3. Have a karaoke night. 4. Hold a board game tournament. 5. Have a movie night with a make-your-own-popcorn bar. 6. Build a blanket fort and have a reading party. 7. Create a dance-off with music. 8. Do a...
  2. 1. Going to a flower shop and picking out a bouquet for your special someone. 2. Making a personalized music playlist for your partner. 3. Taking a romantic stroll around town, hand in hand. 4. Cooking a special dinner for two at home. 5. Taking a hot air balloon ride...
  3. Maybe something special with a bouncy castle? Or a play set? Or a musical instrument? Or something else?
  4. Taking a bubble bath together with candles, wine, and soft music. 2 Creating a DIY home spa experience with face masks, manicures, and scented oils. 3 Cooking a romantic dinner together with your favorite foods. 4 Setting up a cozy picnic in the living room or on the balcony with...
  5. Sure! How about beginning with a romantic picnic at a local park or beach? You could bring a cozy blanket and enjoy the sunset together. Then, you could head to a restaurant for a special dinner or, if you're feeling adventurous, try a cooking class. Maybe you could end the...
  6. You might want to try putting something on a romantic getaway in a nice place, and then later you could take a closer look at the person you were dating. Do you have something like a romantic vacation planned?
  7. You can do a lot of different activities together. Lets just think about a few possibilities. What games could we play together? We could play at a family yard, or in a community yard, or on a playground. How much do you want to spend the overall?
  8. The easiest tradition to incorporate at a baby shower is playing baby-themed games such as 'Guess the Baby Food' or 'Guess the Baby Gift'. These types of activities are entertaining and fun for everyone involved, and can also help get everyone excited and engaged in the celebration.
  9. Yes! Here are some ideas for a fun date night: 1. Go bowling 2. Take a cooking class 3. Visit a botanical garden 4. Have a picnic in the park 5. Paintball or laser tag 6. Go to the movies 7. Have a wine and cheese night 8. Go to...
  10. Some activities your family can do at home to keep busy include: 1. Playing board games. 2. Doing puzzles together. 3. Watching a movie or a TV show. 4. Going for a family walk or bike ride. 5. Holding a virtual game night with your extended family and friends. 6....
  11. How about going for a hike? It can be a great way to spend time with your friends and enjoy the beauty of nature. 2 You could also organize a game night. Board games can be a lot of fun and it can be a great way to bond with...
  12. You could have a treasure hunt, where you hide a coin or some other small object that the kids like. Then whoever finds it first wins it. The treasure hunt can be done pretty often at a party. Children also love treasure hunts as a fun way to spend time...
  13. I would recommend Krea game. It's an interactive and fun game for the entire family. It involves teams building, problem-solving and coming up with creative solutions to given tasks. It's great for teaching logic and critical thinking skills as well as fostering an environment of cooperation. Plus, it has an...
  14. Modernity comes with it's the share of challenges. Parents are busy chasing money forgetting to take the time to carry out their parenting roles hence lack time for their children. To cover up, they buy gadgets for their children to keep them busy as they catch up with modern culture....
  15. I have a few ideas in mind. I think we should have a family-friendly game that involves some social interaction, such as doing some chores together and playing a game. We could also play some gardening together, which is a very calming activity. Or if you have gardening in mind,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 20] — 259 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The Department of Justice on Friday said that it has reached an agreement with the City of New York in which a consent decree will require that any company that operates under 1st Avenue from 59th to 72nd streets will pay between 3 billion and 5.8 billion over the next...
  2. In one of the best-known cases to hit San Francisco's streets in recent years, an Uber driver shot a suspect fleeing a gunfight in San Francisco in 2015. Now, the Uber driver is getting his license back. According to a new court filing, the San Francisco taxi industry, which Uber...
  3. "I got caught on the side of the road and was like, 'I don't want to be one of those fucking idiots that doesn't have a ticket.'" That's the story of Justin Bonomo, of New Canaan, Conn., who received a 130 fine for not having his hand on the steering...
  4. It's going to cost you to get a ride from your car to the corner store. The average price of a ride in Houston, Texas, is roughly 6.35, according to the latest estimate from market research group IHS, which crunched the numbers for Uber and Lyft. But there are some...
  5. The idea, which was recently promoted on New York's top taxi blog, is as bizarre as it is absurd: to encourage more cabbies to give longer rides to tourists and other passengers. The idea, which has gained attention on the "TopCaboose" blog, is to pay cabbies to give rides that...
  6. Maya KosoffBusiness Insider Earlier this week, Uber drivers took to the streets outside the company's offices in Queens to protest the way Uber pays its drivers. One of their grievances is Uber's policy for allowing drivers to collect tips. Or, we should say, their grievance is that Uber doesn't let...
  7. Lyft To defend itself from allegations of sabotage, Uber is throwing the blame back at Lyft. On-demand car service Uber released a statement Tuesday, saying its pink mustache-donning competitor has been encouraging the booking and canceling of thousands of rides. On Monday, Lyft accused Uber of the same tactic. Ordering...
  8. One month ago, Uber was feeling "really optimistic" about operating again in Portland. Now, probably not so much. After a lengthly six-hour city council meeting on Thursday, Portland lawmakers delayed a vote on officially approving a task force report that outlined regulations for a 120-day pilot program for transportation network...
  9. The "risks" are the result of an arbitration clause in Lyft's driver contractswhich effectively bars Lyft drivers from suing as a group. While Lyft managed to enforce this clause in a previous case, Uber has not. Liss-Riordan is also representing the Uber drivers in their case scheduled to go to...
  10. A BRIEF HISTORY OF UBER AUCTIONS When Uber put in its early bids at two recent San Francisco property auctions, both in the Mission, it was in hopes of a smooth transaction. The company had been testing its private ridesharing service on the Peninsula, in the Tenderloin and on the...
  11. What is the purpose of a car-sharing service like Uber? What do the taxi services and car-hailing apps like Sidecar, Gett and more have in common with an app whose entire business model revolves around a single customer base? What's the difference between the taxi cartels and the self-driving-car companies...
  12. The second-hand car-hail services Uber and Lyft offer are increasingly turning into a major source of income for some of the city's poor. And this is especially true for the many people who need to drive a short distance to get somewhere, says a new study. In a new report...
  13. If you're an Uber rider, you may be confused about how much your fare will be once you arrive in a city. What's even weirder is when that fare jumps to double, triple or more. To figure this out, we asked Uber for their fare rates for riders in the...
  14. If you were an Uber driver in San Francisco, youd earn 3 an hour. Most of those amounts are paid to the driver, in the form of a commission of 50, by taking a larger percentage of the amount than the time it takes to get to the destination, in...
  15. "If you want to get a clear picture of what this city is, look at it during rush hour," says one Uber ride-hailing driver. "It is a disaster in progress." The San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency has quietly become a lightning rod in the city's war over Uber, after the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 21] — 177 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. We know you're busy with life, so we've compiled a list of ways you can help ease the pressure in your life. Please keep your donations of food, money, shelter or medicine to a minimum and focus your efforts on spreading the word. We're all going to have a difficult...
  2. The best way to go about donating to charities is to do research on reputable organizations and compare the cost of donating through different platforms. You could also look into having a portion of your wagesincome directed to a specific charity, setting up automatic payments, or donating goods or services....
  3. If youre interested in starting a volunteer task in your community, there are a number of ways you can get involved. I found a local volunteer opportunity that you might be interested in: -If youre interested in community service, the Red Cross Blood and Wine Network provides relief and disaster...
  4. In the same way that a single act of kindness may start a snowball that spurs a chain reaction of charitable donations, a good deed can help to set an example to future generations. Here are four things you can do as a citizen to help alleviate the suffering of...
  5. Here are some general ideas: - Read a novel - Go for a short walk - Go for a day-care that includes gardening, art, and other activities - Spend or give to charity: many charities are struggling to provide food, and others do not have access to healthcare. Some of...
  6. Here are some suggested volunteer opportunities in your city: 1. Help out at a local animal shelter 2. Tutor students at a local school 3. Become a mentor for at-risk youth 4. Participate in a community clean-up day 5. Plant trees or do gardening at an urban farm 6. Lead...
  7. The best way to donate to charity if you don't have much money is to volunteer your time. There are many organizations out there who need volunteers to help out with their programs and services. You can also look for local charities that have needs for donations or other forms...
  8. . Are you interested in becoming a volunteer for a local charity? This is usually a great place to start, especially if youre looking for a way to help others. There are lots of great opportunities to volunteer for a charity in your local area. If you dont already belong...
  9. To donate to a charity of your choice, you can either make a direct donation to the charity or utilize a charitable giving platform, such as Donorbox or a similar service. Depending on the charity, you may be able to do both. Before proceeding, ensure that the charity is a...
  10. Great question. There is a number of important issues related to donating that you need to take care of in order to maximize your cause and interest. Firstly, you need to have really high-quality relationships with your donors. To do this, you need to have the capacity to be engaging...
  11. Would you like to be a part of our team? Volunteering with Friends of the Elderly Our volunteers are invaluable to the work we can achieve. Whether you're looking to make a difference in your community, learn valuable skills or make new friends, we have a number of flexible volunteering...
  12. If youre interested in learning to volunteer for something, there are lots of options. For example, the local Red Bull Foundation usually offers volunteer opportunities. The local Baptist Community Foundation also operates a volunteer program. You can also check at the local hospital for volunteer opportunities, or search online for...
  13. Searching online, look at websites like Donorsaver, Donorswap, and GoFundMe, or ask your local authorities for a list. Or ask the Salvation Army or local charities. Or check with a local thrift shop or other similar charity, since some people will donate items for charity. If you want to donate...
  14. 1. Ask friends and family members to contribute. 2. Reach out to local businesses to solicit donations. 3. Host a fundraiser event with music, food, and games. 4. Hold a raffle or silent auction. 5. Set up a crowdfunding campaign online. 6. Reach out to local media outlets to generate...
  15. The qualifications for becoming a volunteer for a charity organization could vary depending on the organization and the type of work you are interested in doing. Generally, you should have the willingness to help and the ability to work as part of a team. In some cases, the charity organization...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 22] — 436 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Popes are chosen by a group of Catholic officials called cardinals. In the past, it was not uncommon for young men to become popes because they were often chosen as part of political maneuvering or as a way for powerful families to increase their influence within the Catholic Church. However,...
  2. Tenure is a system that was created to protect the freedom of teachers and professors to teach and conduct research without fear of being fired for expressing their opinions or for conducting research that might be controversial or unpopular. The idea behind tenure is that it allows educators to take...
  3. There are many reasons why some Americans might be mistrustful of their government. Some people might be concerned about corruption or abuse of power, while others might have different political beliefs or values that lead them to be critical of the government's actions. It's important to remember that not all...
  4. Online petitions are a way for people to show their support for a particular cause or issue by signing their name and adding their contact information to a list. The petition is then presented to politicians or other decision-makers as a way of demonstrating that a large number of people...
  5. It's not accurate to say that Europe is censoring all information about refugee problems. There are many media outlets and organizations in Europe that report on issues related to refugees, including challenges and problems. It's important to remember that reporting on a problem doesn't necessarily mean that the government or...
  6. An anarcho-socialist society is one in which there is no government or state to enforce laws, but instead, the community is organized to meet the needs of all its members and make decisions collectively. This type of society is based on the idea that people can work together and cooperate...
  7. It's not accurate to say that a large number of people in Australia are angry. Like any country, there are likely to be some people who are unhappy or dissatisfied with certain issues, but this does not mean that the majority of people in Australia are angry. There are many...
  8. Stephen Harper was the Prime Minister of Canada from 2006 to 2015. During his time in office, he implemented a number of policies and decisions that were unpopular with some Canadians. One reason that some Canadians disliked Stephen Harper was because of his approach to environmental issues. Many people felt...
  9. In some places, people who are in jail are not allowed to vote because they are not considered to be legal residents of the community. When people go to jail, they are usually taken to a facility that is located outside of the community where they lived before they were...
  10. Jury selection is a random process that is designed to be fair. This means that anyone who is eligible to serve on a jury has an equal chance of being selected. There are many factors that can affect whether or not a person receives a jury summons, including where they...
  11. There are a few reasons why it may seem like there were more cults in the 80s and 90s. One reason is that the media may have covered cults more frequently during those times. Another reason could be that the internet was not as widely available during those times, so...
  12. Sure! Bane is a character from a movie called The Dark Knight Rises. He is a very strong and powerful man who wants to take over the city of Gotham and make it a better place for the people who live there. However, the way he goes about trying to...
  13. Genghis Khan is often viewed as a good military leader because he was able to conquer and unite a large territory under his rule, which had never been done before. However, it's important to note that his campaigns were often accompanied by violence and destruction, including the massacre of civilian...
  14. It's not accurate to say that all conservative Republicans are afraid of the Tea Party. The Tea Party is a political movement within the Republican Party that emerged in the late 2000s. It advocates for limited government, lower taxes, and individual freedom. Some people who identify as Tea Party supporters...
  15. Occupy Wall Street OWS was a protest movement that began in 2011 in New York City's Zuccotti Park, with the goal of bringing attention to economic inequality and the influence of corporate interests in government. The movement was loosely organized and did not have a single, unified theory of justice...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 23] — 298 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The World of Warcraft WoW subreddit is a wonderful resource to learn about everything WoW and its characters and characters to find other like minded souls. But it's also very easy to ruin it. There have been many attempts at cleaning the subreddit, but in the most recent one, the...
  2. Front page on reddit for three days running, and I've only just now gotten in after the hug of death. WhenwillIdie.com is an unprecedented success, and has proven accurate. So far. There's only the one website, nobody knows who owns the domain. The design is slapdash and awful, something out...
  3. I came into the position as others had : networking. It's not as though I didn't work for it, mind you. The growth I had effected into rChimichangas didn't take place overnight. It was frustrating, laborious, and time-intensive. It had taken months before it became the hub for tortilla-based Mexican...
  4. Reddit did n't used to have subreddits . When subreddits were created , all the old submissions were placed in r URL_0 . URL_0 was therefore a miscellaneous subreddit , which everyone was subscribed to . It was archived because the only moderators for it were the admins of the...
  5. Are you implying you make unilateral decisions as some low ranked mod? No, there is a vote and it will happen here as you abused your power to mute me from modmail. Good luck waking up with your mod spot. Even though I'm now done with my favorite sub forever,...
  6. Dearest SRD user, Lately, I have noticed a marked increase in the misinformation and outright lies that are being spread about rDrama , and so I hope to dispel some of the falsehoods, and to hopefully reconcile some of our differences. Many comments about our sub that I have read...
  7. According to the research that Computer science PhD student Randy Olson did back in March of this year, when Reddit was first established in 2005, it was basically made of "NSFW" content and "programming," with a little bit of "science" thrown in. At least, that's what most users were posting...
  8. Part of the cause may have been due to AutoModerator 's account data being much larger than reddit ever anticipated a user account to be . They 've had to wipe its flair and karma . URL_0 Why this is just cropping up now I do n't know , but...
  9. What does the flair mean? Read Here The place where people can come and talk about internet fights and other dramatic happenings from other subreddits. For drama happening in this subreddit, check out rsubredditdramadrama Join us on irc in subredditdrama on irc.snoonet.org port 6667, or click here to join from...
  10. Dear new Reddit user, First, I would like to tell you, welcome! Welcome to the Front Page of the internet! Reddit is a community sourced web page where people from all around the world constantly submit whatever they find interesting. In turn, the other users upvote'' content they find interesting...
  11. Reedortorb Redoor-torb A place where survival is shaky and the points mean. Everything! The fittest, it doesn't matter. The strongest, only have to be strong enough to push a key on a keyboard. The fastest, well, it never hurts to be the first comment in. Witty remarks, hating on OP,...
  12. I know I'm super late to the party here, but I only just discovered this sub. I'd like to share a few thoughts, as this topic means a lot to me. We even met face to face with Erik Martin to express our concerns. I was in talks with Yishan...
  13. nd attractive enough not to buy into any of that crap. And no, that doesn't mean you're living in the Matrix. The Matrix is cool. It's more like a Timecube. But hey, at least you're perceiving it as A-Series Timecube. So much less horrifying. So, what kind of trouble do...
  14. METAModTalkLeaks After featuring KiA on rSubredditOfTheDay, Xavier Mendel lost his mod status from that subreddit twitter.com submitted by Logan_MacTwitter.comLogan_910 sorry, this has been archived and can no longer be voted on
  15. Maurice Knows what he has to do. He does it daily on his way to work. The only thing different is that today he is getting married. He steps into the public Reddit booth and slides his ID card through the slot. The machine logs him into his account. He...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 24] — 1706 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The least expensive way to travel long distances is to take advantage of budget airline flight deals, use carpooling or ride-sharing services, and take alternative forms of transportation such as trains, buses, and ferries whenever possible.
  2. -How long has the trip been going on? - If it has just been going on I would suggest starting at the origin of the trip, then traveling in a series of direct flights, over the same time period.
  3. 1. Take your phone to your car to get to the airport. 2. Book your flight online. 3. Get on the flight list. 4. Check if she has a flight request. 5. If she does not have a flight request, tell her to be sure to get hers. 6. If...
  4. The most affordable way to travel to India is by taking a budget airline, taking a long-distance bus or train, or by renting a car and driving.
  5. The least expensive way to travel to a foreign country is simply to book a hotel for the entire time. 2 When you arrive in the country, take the bus or train, book an apartment or hotel, and then return to the US. 3 Visit a local tourist attraction, and...
  6. There are lots of cheap flights, such as from American Airlines, JetAir, and United Airlines. Or you could book a hotel thats a cheap deal. Maybe you want me to suggest some possibilities? I can do that on my own, but if you want to you can also use this...
  7. You want to get from where you are now? It sounds like you want something cheap and cheap, with no extra costs. So you could fly to New York, or to London, or something else? And then what? Youd travel to the airport in one place, and then go out...
  8. st:00 p.m. February 19th:00 a.m. 2nd:00 p.m. February 26th:00 a.m. 3rd:00 p.m. February 27th:00 a.m. You could add the time to your trip at the airport. You can also add the time to your trip at the airport, for plane tickets.
  9. AIRPORT LODGE PACKAGES - RATES INR NON AC DORMITORY 06 HRS - 200- 12 HRS - 325- 24 HRS - 475- AC DORMITORY 06 HRS - 325- 12 HRS - 475- 24 HRS - 620- AC ROOMS STANDARD 12 HRS SINGLE - 1050- 24 HRS SINGLE - 1450- 12 HRS...
  10. Its about 240 by plane, which is 80, plus theres the time in the plane, which is about 60.
  11. You might want to start with a comparison of the two cruise packages that the shipboard requires and the airlines lounge. Or you might want to search for deals from individual passengers to see who has the best value for you.
  12. A plane, of course. This would be the most efficient and convenient way to get from the United States to Europe.
  13. The least expensive way to travel across the European continent is by using low-cost train and bus services. Another economical option is to rent a car with friends, or use a car-sharing service if available. Many European cities also offer shared bike services, allowing travelers to explore the surrounding areas...
  14. Lets get started, but first Id need to know how long you want to fly for. Its the difference between a short flight and a long flight.
  15. The countries with some of the cheapest flight tickets to India are Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Bhutan, and the Maldives. Other countries in the region such as Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Myanmar may also offer competitive prices, depending on the airline and route.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 25] — 4053 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Rabbits are a key food source for many people around Asia. With their long term storage of fat and meat, rabbits are one of the most important food sources in Asia. With their large, heavy build they are used to carry the load in heavy traffic systems and also work...
  2. The next time you see a cute baby raccoon or even a raccoon of a different kind say, a black bear or a bobcat do not fret. The black bear is also a member of the raccoon family. They all have the same general shape though. There are slight differences...
  3. Raccoons typically give birth to litters of 1-7 baby raccoons, known as kits or cubs. The average litter size is 3-4 kits. Raccoons are typically pregnant for about 63 days before giving birth. The kits are born blind and weigh about 4-5 ounces at birth. They are fully weaned by...
  4. Raccoons typically have litters of one to seven babies, with an average of three or four. The size of the litter can depend on various factors, including the age and health of the mother, the availability of food, and the habitat in which the raccoons live. Raccoons are known to...
  5. Raccoons typically have litters of two to five baby raccoons, also known as kits or cubs. The size of the litter can vary based on factors such as the age and health of the mother, as well as environmental conditions and availability of food. Raccoon kits are born blind and...
  6. A group of deer is typically called a herd. Deer are social animals and tend to live in herds, which can consist of a few individuals or many dozens of deer, depending on the species and habitat. The size of a deer herd can vary throughout the year, as deer...
  7. There's a reason few people eat jackrabbits in this country: For many, they are indelibly stained as poverty food, a meat of the Depression or the even harsher privations of the pioneer farmers who eked out a living on the sod of the Great Plains. What's more, non-hunters cannot buy...
  8. A group of deer is called a herd. Deer are social animals and they typically live in herds, which can range in size from just a few individuals to several hundred. Herds of deer are led by a dominant male, or buck, and are composed of females, called does, and...
  9. No, lions are not necessarily the most dangerous wild animals in Africa. Depending on the region, other predators such as leopards, hyenas, and wild dogs can pose more of a threat to humans and other animals.
  10. If the "Carnivorous Plants and Their Attractants" class was any more enjoyable to attend, it would be impossible for me to go back to my regular classes and write this column. After all, it's just me, a professor of plant pathology, and a bunch of students in a room full...
  11. The two main differences between European and American beaver species are the size and appearance of the beaver head. The European beaver is a larger and more rounded head shape, and there is more variation between the African varieties of this species. But both European and African beavers are made...
  12. How to Grow and Care for a Baby Corn Snake The Corn Snake is one the most widely-adopted snake species in the world. How to Grow and Care for a Baby Corn Snake This article will help you start and care for a baby corn snake in the wild. Corn...
  13. st. There were two ancient mammants that were quite faster than their modern counterparts: the mammant and the bo, which were both capable of speeds similar to todays pheasant. In some species, like mammals, the fastest land mammal is an iguana. Its average lifespan is 87.5 years. It is able...
  14. Answer: The Grey Wolf Canis lupus belongs to the kingdom Animalia, the phylum Chordata, the class Mammalia, the order Carnivora, the family Canidae, and the genus Canis.
  15. The difference between a jaguar and a leopard is that a jaguar is typically larger and stockier in appearance than the leopard. Jaguars typically have a larger head, short and stout limbs, and a more robust body. They also have larger and more rounded rosettes on their fur than the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 26] — 283 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The number of children treated in hospitals following the earthquake and tsunami has reached around 1.5 million so far many of those severely injured have been left with permanent disabilities. Children are among the heaviest victims of the tragedy, following more than 16,000 aftershocks which have killed 3,000 people the...
  2. Tsunami Disasters in Okushiri Island Case Study Japan has experienced many disasters that have caused massive loss of property and lives. In 1993, the Hokkaido Nansei-Oki Earthquake Tsunami hit Okushiri Island located to the west of Hokkaido. This disaster was identified as one of the major Tsunamis that have led...
  3. The tsunami that occurred in 2005 was the Indian Ocean tsunami, which was caused by a magnitude 9.1 earthquake that struck off the coast of Sumatra, Indonesia on December 26, 2004. The tsunami affected several countries in the Indian Ocean region, including Indonesia, Sri Lanka, India, Thailand, and the Maldives....
  4. 1.2k SHARES Share Tweet Google Whatsapp Digg Reddit Stumbleupon Mail An estimated 500 people were killed by the tsunami that struck Japan in 2011, many of them victims of the devastating tsunami. The Japanese government has released a shocking list of the names, ages and locations of the people killed...
  5. The tsunami in 2005 occurred in the Indian Ocean, specifically off the coast of Sumatra, Indonesia. On December 26, 2004, a massive earthquake occurred under the Indian Ocean, triggering a series of devastating tsunami waves that affected countries bordering the ocean, including Indonesia, Sri Lanka, India, and Thailand. The disaster...
  6. The Japan Earthquake and Tsunami of 2011 Documentary Essay Movie Review The documentary under review is a YouTube video uploaded on 9 th February 2018 by Sheila Baker. The video is titled Documentary: Japan Earthquake and Tsunami of 2011 Baker, 2018. It reports the natural disaster events, including an investigation...
  7. "The only way I can describe it is to imagine it as a sort of slow-motion disaster," explains Daniel Stenseth, managing director of the Norwegian research firm Demark Research. "It's a huge, epic and very chaotic disaster, a really bad-quality earthquake." The biggest quake to strike New Zealand in more...
  8. The city said its own analysis showed the risk of an earthquake in the area, which also includes the city of O'Hare International Airport, was not enough to trigger a warning. "It is very concerning," said Mary Schiavo, who lives in the O'Hare's airport area. "Now it seems like people...
  9. LIMA Reuters - A U.S. military team will begin to evaluate an earthquake-triggered tsunami threat from the Pacific Ocean on Wednesday around the time a major quake in that region could cripple California, officials said on Tuesday. The first of hundreds of U.S. Marines aboard the destroyer USS Cowpens gather...
  10. In July 2001, the first wave of tsunami from the north hit the eastern coast of Japan, with the most intense waves measuring up to three meters in height. The wave was so bad, it triggered the deaths of more than 160,000 people, including over 11,000 who perished in a...
  11. The world was supposed to learn an important lesson from the devastating tsunami that struck Indonesia in 2004. Instead, an unprecedented series of earthquakes led to hundreds of deaths, and to millions of people being displaced by disaster. The earthquake that hit Indonesia, which killed between 220,000 and 440,000 people,...
  12. The U.S. government has said that a small earthquake just outside of Galveston, Texas, has no bearing on its response. "All indications are at this point that the earthquake was of a volcanic origin," the U.S. Geological Survey said on Facebook. The U.S. Navy said the tremors were small. In...
  13. For the fourth time this century, an earthquake occurred in the Indian Ocean, one that triggered a tsunami. Last year's quake Jan. 23, 2015 at Aceh in Indonesia's Sumatra island was the largest in recorded history. This time, the disaster is the largest of a series of magnitude-6.8 shocks in...
  14. The 2011 Great East Japan Earthquake Term Paper The Great East Japan Earthquake happened on March 11, 2011 as a triple disaster. The earthquake was accompanied by a great tsunami given the high magnitude of the earthquake that reached 9.0 on the Ritcher scale. The third disaster was the meltdown...
  15. 1 This paper seeks to quantify the amount of damage from a single small earthquake in the South Island region of New Zealand by using a geochemical approach to identify and quantify volatile compounds present in the water. The region of interest is in the southern part of the South...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 27] — 1127 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Anti-Realistic Devices in the Plays Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Main text 3. Conclusion 4. Works Cited Introduction The 20 th century drama underwent major alternations with the advent of such playwrights as Tennessee Williams and Samuel Beckett who marked the beginning of new anti-realistic absurdist theatre. It...
  2. Tragic Love and Social Issues in Giovanni Boccaccios Decameron Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Main Body 3. Conclusion 4. Works Cited Introduction Being told in the context of entertainment, Giovanni Boccaccios Decameron contains novels that touch on the subject of tragic love, which often can be intersected with...
  3. The Theme of Loneliness in Sinclair Ross The Painted Door Essay Table of Contents 1. An analysis of the works of Sinclair Ross 2. The contribution of short stories into the writers reputation 3. Comments on the screen version of The Painted Door 4. Works Cited An analysis of the...
  4. Symbolism and Imagery in O Captain! My Captain! What does the ship represent in O Captain! My Captain!? What about the port? Find out the answers to these questions in the essay below. Table of Contents 1. Symbolism in O Captain, My Captain 2. Imagery in O Captain, My Captain...
  5. Oscar Wildes The Importance of Being Earnest: Function of Conflict Essay By weaving together narratives, writing characters, and having them interact with the constructed world around them, creators gain deeper insight into the human condition. To that end, the use of specific dramatic elements such as character, language, and conflict...
  6. A Son of the Forest Essay As suggested by the term close reading, it refers to detailed reading of a certain peace of literature in order to come up with various aspects of the piece under review. In most cases, materials that are close read are short and concise to...
  7. The Letters and The Best Offer Comparison Essay Changing Values of Men and Women It is often said that some topics are always on the front burner for the representatives of the general population, but the way they are treated by generations differs significantly. The Letters of Abelard and Heloise...
  8. Key Passage of Young Goodman Brown by Hawthorne Essay One of the important key passages in Nathaniel Hawthornes Young Goodman Brown is an exclamation that the main character makes while lost in the dark and mysterious forest. At the storys beginning, the reader is introduced to Goodman Browns innocent and...
  9. Moral Paradox in Wildes Importance of Being Earnest Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Main body 3. Conclusion 4. References Introduction Oscar Wildes play, The Importance of being Earnest, deals with several aspects of Victorian life and social manners in a humorous way. It is sometimes called a Victorian...
  10. Worlds Disintegration: Young Goodman Brown and The Fall of the House of Usher Essay In their short stories, Edgar Poe and Nathaniel Hawthorne explore the psychological peculiarities of their characters and the transformation of their inner world. This paper is aimed at discussing such works as Young Goodman Brown written...
  11. Symbol of Weather in Flannery OConnors A Good Man Is Hard to Find Essay One of the most observable literary techniques in Flannery OConnors short story A Good Man is Hard to Find is symbolism. In the plot, the author applies symbolism to add meaning to the narrative. Several symbols...
  12. Courting Futility in To Build a Fire, The League of the Old Men, and The Chrysanthemums Research Paper Jack London and John Steinbeck are both notable figures in the annals of 20 th- century American literature, but this fact alone is not the only thing they have in common. Their...
  13. Analysis of The Orphan and the Elk Dog Essay The short story The orphan and the elk dog tells about Long Arrow, who is a young boy. Due to his hearing disability, the tribe does not accept him. However, even after getting rid of his problem, Long Arrow wants to...
  14. The symbolism of the journey in Frosts The Path Not Taken, Weltys A Worn Path, and Rhys I Used to Live Here Once Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Effects of symbolism as achieved in the three literary works 3. Conclusion 4. Reference List Introduction Symbolism is among...
  15. Nathaniel Hawthorn: The Ministers Black Veil and The Birthmark Essay Review Nathaniel Hawthorn is often considered the most widely accepted short story writer and novelist in 18 th century American literature. Analyzing his works a reader can often find the glimpses of Puritan ideologies combining with ancient romance and symbolism....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 28] — 194 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Im glad you asked, those are excellent questions! I love exploring fiction, non fiction, and poetry, a special place you can turn, but there are some amazing fiction novels that are a great place to start, that will take you away for a while and take you higher, such as...
  2. Of course! Some of my favorite books are The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger, To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee, and Frankenstein by Mary Shelley.
  3. The Cat in the Hat by Dr. Seuss 2 Charlotte's Web by E.B. White 3 Where the Wild Things Are by Maurice Sendak 4 Stone Soup by Marcia Brown 5 The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum 6 Paddington by Michael Bond 7 Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible,...
  4. I have two recommendations for you: Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoevsky Crime in Pieces by Henry James These two are excellent because they are very short and very engaging. Here is one additional tip: a lot of crime in the world today is disguised as trivial crime, which is...
  5. 1. El laberinto del fauno 2. Perfume de violetas 3. La vida es bella 4. Como agua para chocolate 5. Y tu mamá también 6. Diarios de motocicleta 7. El abrazo de la serpiente 8. Roma 9. Amores perros 10. No sé si cortarme las venas o dejármelas largas
  6. It's all about the love, honey! The world's best love stories from a hundred generations of the greatest singers, musicians, poets, and playwrights of all time. This book collects the greatest stories from hundreds of playwrights, poets, and poets-inspired by the best of Shakespeare. Enjoy a glimpse into a hundred-long-held...
  7. I recommend The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins and To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee. Both books are bestsellers worldwide and have won numerous awards.
  8. I would recommend a variety of books, depending on the interests of the 15-year old. Popular choices may include The Hunger Games series by Suzanne Collins, the Harry Potter series by J.K. Rowling, The Fault in Our Stars by John Green, and To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee. For...
  9. A good mystery novel like an Agatha Christie or a Dashiell Hammett would be a great choice for a long car ride. 2 If you prefer a classic novel, maybe bring something like To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee or The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald. 3 If...
  10. I love reading novels and short stories. Have you read anything by Dickens, Thawm, or Whrith? What about The novel The White I Know, by Gertrud Roffin. What about A story, The Woman Who Kells, by Iris Tieso?
  11. Sure. How about Ulysses by James Joyce? Its a famous book, and a lot of people love it, so Im quite sure you would enjoy it.
  12. 1. The Vanishing Half by Brit Bennett 2. The City We Became by N.K. Jemisin 3. The Glass Hotel by Emily St. John Mandel 4. The Mirror The Light by Hilary Mantel 5. Hamnet by Maggie O'Farrell 6. The Address by Fiona Davis 7. All Adults Here by Emma Straub...
  13. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams 2 1984 by George Orwell 3 To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee 4 Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien 5 The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger 6 Alice's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll 7 The Great...
  14. I just got back from San Francisco and you know what that means. I just bought a couple of books! Here in the US, we get a lot of books sent from abroad and here in San Francisco, I saw quite a few for sale on Book Depository: The History...
  15. I think I can help. A 19th century novel might be too specific to your tastes, so if youre open to suggestions there might be a lot to choose from. Some of the best novels of the 19th century were Richard Wright, John G. Garfield, and Ulysses S. Grant, and...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 29] — 206 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Butterfly Effect with Premarital Sex Research Paper According to Klein 16, premarital sex has severe consequences that can result in lifelong pain. An individual who engages in premarital sex may not be in a position to understand these effects at the right time. This behavior is associated with physical, emotional,...
  2. Premarital Counseling Essay All married couples would wish the old adage, and they lived happily ever after to come true; unfortunately, to over 50 of married couples, this remains that; a wish. Behavioral researches confirm that, 50 of all marriages end up in divorce, an unfeigned but a deplorable fact....
  3. There's a little-known but influential piece of research that supports the idea that the more women and girls you have in your life, the better you're generally in the relationship market and in the job market, for that matter. It comes from the University of British Columbia's Professor Mary Bryson,...
  4. I'll be away for a much needed vacation the the fam next week. Regular posting will resume after Labor Day. Enjoy these last days of summer! The National Marriage Project at the University of Virginia has just issued Before I Do, a report on how premarital experiences influence marital quality...
  5. Bryan Caplan and Jason Brennan ask "How much do women really want to stay married?" In fact, they find that if couples are willing to try to get what they want, they actually will stay married. But they get more satisfaction from cohabiting and having a child than they will...
  6. The present study shows that long-term, low-quality marriages have significant negative effects on overall well-being. We utilize a nationally representative longitudinal study with a multi-item marital quality scale that allows us to track unhappy marriages over a 12-year period and to assess marital happiness along many dimensions. Remaining unhappily married...
  7. WASHINGTON ANI -- Marriage brings bliss to newly wed couples, but researchers now say that while married men appeared physically better off than single men, the same can not be said of married women. Women not only have fewer immediate personal benefits from marriage but it is at times more...
  8. The ENRICH Marital Satisfaction Scale Essay Presently, there are numerous trait scales that are developed in order to assess the psychological well-being of individuals in a specific area of life. For instance, the ENRICH Marital Satisfaction Scale EMS was initially created with the purpose to determine the level of marital...
  9. A new survey suggests that marriage is actually more important to men than it is to women. In fact, just since last year, the number of women who say their definition of success is not linked to marriage or relationships at all has nearly doubled. According to the third "Professional...
  10. To Post Secret, a project that collects personal secrets written artistically onto postcards, someone recently sent in the following bombshell: "Ever since we started getting married and buying houses," she writes, "my girlfriends and I don't laugh much anymore." Her personal secret is, in fact, a national one. It's part...
  11. This study evaluates gender differences on selfesteem and interpersonal relationship in gay men compared with other men. Participants n 48.3 were recruited from the public San Diego gay men's community. Analyses confirmed that selfesteem was lower in gay men M 2.43, SD 0.88; F1, 49 6.84, p 0.01, with no...
  12. Social Survey: Men and Women on Sexual Intent Essay The participants are three males and three females and are all heterosexual. Two of the females are 22 years old and are in committed relationships whereas the other female is 23 years old and is single. Two of the male participants...
  13. Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption It's estimated that half of marriages in the UK end in divorce Unhappy divorcees are paying for their marriages with their social lives, according to a study. It found that "stark" inequalities emerged between couples that stayed together, and those that split in their 20s....
  14. What's the use of studies that only do your head in? When a 10-year study of Australians in live-in heterosexual relationships finds married and de facto men are happier with their situation than the women they live with are, then we want answers. Lots of them. The latest Household, Income...
  15. Self-Expansion and Marriage Research Paper Researchers agree that marriages have been changing throughout recent decades. For instance, Elliott 2008 notes that people tended to remain in their marriages even though they did not obtain emotional and psychological satisfaction as the marriage was seen as a social institution aimed at addressing...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 30] — 497 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. ea, of course, why the President had it on him. Really, if you want someone to blame for the launch device being in the car, then you should be knocking on Kim Jo- Yes, your honour. So, I pulled into the warehouse, hoping to ditch the car, when the President...
  2. The conference room was on ice. The urgent news on the merger had brought President Lee out of his hospital bed to meet the board in the daily briefing, a rare sight that was not seen for a decade or so. Dead silence greeted the presenter, as the President and...
  3. nt to go. No one will know about it, and we'll come up with a cover story that you had fallen ill. It's for the best, Mr. President.'' The man in the shadow left the room leaving just the commander in chief to think. He knew at that point how...
  4. The behemoth carriers came to a stop, the place where the President's son was last sighted. A huge crowd came up behind the great machines, made up of volunteers and reporters. His wife sighed, looking out over the vast icy landscape. What if we never find him?'' Impossible, we have...
  5. I stare into the president's eyes as I shake his hand, and all of a sudden I feel a rush, and in his eyes I start to see memories, his memories. Why am I wasting my time with these peasants?'' the Commander in Chief was asking himself as he shook...
  6. ke sure somebody gets all of us some ice water. Who the hell decided to move the Capitol to D.C.? This weather is terrible.'' Moments later Martha returned with a laptop, and some White House chefs brought in several pitchers and large glasses. Seconds later, the room was no longer...
  7. y opened, heaving against the heavy wood as the President sat in a simple chair behind a small desk ; he even sold his favorite chair. Vincent.'' He nodded, wearing simple armor as his hands idly played with a scrap of paper on the desk. Mister President.'' I nodded in...
  8. I told you this was a mistake,'' muttered the Secretary of Defense. The Secretary of State fiddled with his Harvard ring. What was I supposed to do, tell him he couldn't bring it? He takes the goddamn thief everywhere. What does he call it? Harvey?'' Hey, I'm just trying to...
  9. n't give a FUCK, bring me the piece of paper where I write a law and let me do it.'' Sir, there isn't-'' Make one! Goddamn it, it's like I'm surrounded by monkeys! Where's that black guy I hired as a jester?'' He quit, sir.'' He can't quit, he wasn't...
  10. Hm. I haven't written in forever. Here is my junk The second black president of the United States of America. If you had told me I would wear this title a year ago, at the beginning, I would have laughed. I was just the Secretary of Transportation, a far cry...
  11. From: D.M.Hannaford Sent: Sunday, April 04, 2015 7:37 PM To: Re: We can get a little off topic for a while, as you are on the phone with the President right now. Can you tell me who is in charge of these efforts or are you doing it for someone...
  12. The President ran from the deserted west wing. Where was his staff? He looked left, he looked right, he looked up and down because why not. The president was nothing if not thorough. He had won his campaign by being thorough. And by using big words, like umpton-terriosim trademarked to...
  13. nds, and we also don't need to give in to the demands of a madman. I don't know about you, but I refuse to take a bite of this shit-sandwich if I don't have to.'' A debate erupted. The pro's and con's of my idea were splattered against the wall,...
  14. The President is in there?'' Yes. He's taken 3 hostages and is threatening to kill them, and himself, unless he is allowed to resign.'' What an inspiring man! Let me talk to him.'' squeeelch Mr. President? My name is Charles Pierce, captain of the Washington police force.'' Go away! All...
  15. Maureen Smith, the Director of National Intelligence, and General Jacob Sterling, the head of the DIA, both walked into the Oval Office promptly at 7AM. President Jeffery Rawlings sat at his desk with a hot cup of coffee. The president remained seated, Good morning to both of you. He motioned...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 31] — 320 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. tripped backwards when her foot caught on a piece of splintered wood from the remains of the door they had busted. Hitler and Lenin casually strode over to her and looked down at her. Since I was a boy, you people have been trying to assassinate me,'' said Hitler. He...
  2. ons of lives. We can not risk an alternative. Still staring down at the boy's head as he inspected a few paints, a thought came to Erwin of his own : I do now remember one detail about all this. I will still be here, in this vessel, when I...
  3. I don't sink you understant,'' the Fuhrer growled. I laughed. This was the greatest villain in human history? This trembling ball of sweat in tan shorts? I think I understand just fine.'' I leveled the glowing tip of my NuColt at the moustachioed commander, quivering behind his tremendous desk. Hitler's...
  4. e''. Indeed I am, I was impressed at how astute his observations were, I will need to keep a closer eye on him. Well, I do have a small amount of sway with Herr Hitler.how do I know you are worth his very precious time?'' Anger instantly flashes behind his...
  5. Hitler's inner monologue in italics : Walking down the street This is truly a lovely day. The air is ripe with the scent of the pride of the Volk. No more gypsies, no more Jew dogs, no more homos. Deutschland Deutschland über alles. Walks into what he thinks is a...
  6. d them to feel the same. So, in childish spite, I decided to ask about what had to be one of their least favorite subjects. But once the question left my mouth, I realized how good of a strategy it really was. After all, if their game was to make...
  7. ou're mentioning'hell' around me, next time.'' He opens his mouth in awe, and then shuts it again. That's what I thought. So, Hitler. How is life?'' He refuses to speak. He's clearly in shock, but that's no excuse. I coil my fiery hot claws around his puny throat, and repeat...
  8. ore and took a few deep breaths to regain his composure. In his hand was a minuscule wand no bigger than a cigarette, yet apparently no less powerful, for he was now free, and his assailant lay on the floor, restricted and unable to move by his own restraining spell....
  9. slumped down deeper into his chair. Although he always wore a grumpy face, he appeared bitchier than usual. Casually, he glanced at his wristwatch. Just under a minute to go.'' It's always a Saturday at noon, isn't it,'' said Lennin curiously as he gulped down the remainder of his tea....
  10. A lonely, pale, decrepit man sits upon an oaken rocking chair by a brick, warm fireplace. His bony hands are loosely clutched on the arms of the wooden seat as he lightly gyrates, the legs of the chair creaking against the hard, old floor. All is quiet in the small...
  11. Only 90?'' Yeah yeah make fun all you want. but. I'm pretty sure?'' Look obviously Hitler is dead-'' And so is Elvis?'' Don't talk about the King.'' Anyway did you SEE his mustache? And he just. sends odd feelings.'' Okay, fine, why not ask him? What. No. Never. That'd start...
  12. irs, I knew that hitler would be burping on his third tankard of Kolsch beer that night. At 6:03 he would finish the tankard and slam it down onto the table with a satisfied grunt. At 6:05 he would ask his drinking partners SS officers and propaganda ministers to be...
  13. Mr. Faggot, the embodiment of 4chan created through usage of macrospectropy, flung open the doors to the office of the Führer, Adolf Hitler. Hitler was brought to attention by the gunshot of a Desert Eagle. Have you any rare pepes, good sir?'' Wer bist du und was machst du da?''...
  14. ard shook as a groan emanated from within. The doors crashed open and another mysterious person clad much the same fell out. Great landing Dr Goldberg.'' he muttered, picking himself up off the floor, noticing the others in the room and a rather confused looking Hitler in a red and...
  15. I've been watching the Hitler Games since the beginning. I remember the very first year of the competition. I was only 8 years old, my father pulled me out of school one day to bring me to a private screening. Back in those days, there wasn't a lot of creativity...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 32] — 179 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. You could try to find the Border of Mexico, which is a union of states that border them, and you would find the top of that list of states, which would be Mexico itself. Of course, what a country does isn't really have to do with what they are.
  2. Jápén de Mexico. Mexico is a country with a capital. The capital is in Mexico, although Mexico is a country with a border. Mexico has no official border, and is divided into a four-point region, with the capital in the center of Mexico, called "Oòl" in Spanish or "Oòl" in...
  3. Mexico is a country located in North America, between the United States to the north and Belize and Guatemala to the south. It is the 11th-largest country in the world by area and the 15th-most populous. The capital of Mexico is Mexico City.
  4. If you mean Iraq, which is the country?, the capital is in Saudi Arabia, and is also in the U.S. Its in the southwest of Mexico.
  5. Well, this is a tricky question! The most common way to define capital is to consider the economic surplus created in a failed state, or to describe the power of a single state in its own territory. China, as the second most populous country in the world, clearly has a...
  6. .That's a good question. The capital of Sweden is "Viär" VIAO in Malaka-Iberi, which is a part of the German Federation Union.
  7. "How can you get here?" "I don't understand." "What's the capital of Croatia?" "Oh, Croatia's capital is Uiada."
  8. Mexico is a country located in North America, bordered by the United States to the north, Belize and Guatemala to the southeast, the Pacific Ocean to the west, and the Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean Sea to the east. It is the 13th-largest country in the world by land area...
  9. 1 The United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization UNESCO has long recognized the importance of the World Heritage sites: the World Heritage List UNWHL defines these sites as 'so important for the vitality and integrity of their local cultures and their significance for the whole world as a whole...
  10. st  Capità de Perio, from which the capital of Peru can be known as PerÎ in English; 2nd  Capital of Peru, which is the same as Capital of Peru.
  11. There. You might want to consult a map of Portugal to see where the capital is in Portugal. In Portugal, the capital is in the southwest, and this is a large area, as well as one of the largest urban zones, like the city-states of Lisbon, Porto. And in the...
  12. World Statesmen.org HOME return to Peru Regions of Peru Regions Amazonas - Áncash - Apurímac - Arequipa - Ayacucho - Cajamarca - Callao - Cusco - Huancavelica - Huánuco - Ica - Junín - La Libertad - Lambayeque - Lima - Lima Metropolitano - Loreto - Madre de Dios -...
  13. The capital of Pakistan is the Federal Republic of Pakistan, which is located in the south-east of India, and also the state capital at which Pakistani states gather to meet their representatives. Other cities in Pakistan are also important sites, such as the City of Ummodoh, and the State Capital...
  14. Mexico is a country located in North America. It is bordered by the United States to the north, Belize and Guatemala to the southeast, and the Pacific Ocean to the west. Mexico is a federal presidential representative democratic republic, with its capital in Mexico City. It is the 13th largest...
  15. It appears the capital of Uruguay is the city of Porto Alegre, or Pays de la Chuta, which is about 40 kilometers from the capital city of Brasilia.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 33] — 373 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. They Come in Pieces part 3 This can t be how humanity ends. Destroyed by bread. By BREAD. Why BREAD? Why can t it be a zombie apocalypse? Or a third world war? An epidemic? No. What in the fck. No. NO! With his muscles locked, he can t even...
  2. dark intonation, mournful violins begin in background He wants to be the very best Like no one ever was Am I wrong to hate Doc Oak For taking away my son These Pokemon don t understand That trainer is my boy They re wild, unkempt and mangy beasts Who ll...
  3. roar and perhaps the hardest punch I've seen the beast commit to. And what did she do? She shoved Toad in front of her to die for his Queen. Then, in a puff of poisonous gas, she laughed as DK choked and gasped for air. I knew what I had...
  4. There are a lot of problems with Professor Oak's Pokedex mission -- the fact that he's entrusting a huge task to a 10 year-old, that he apparently hasn't studied any Pokemon despite being a "Professor," etc. But take the extraneous questions away and you still have the problem of the...
  5. The entire world was abuzz after the Pokemon came. Naturally, researchers quickly developed real Pokeballs, Pokecenters, everything. Most got Magikarps that would one day be terrifying Gyarados. My friend even got a shiny one. I got a Charmander, who I named Flare. However, it was Rebecca's Pokemon that changed everything....
  6. y were welcome anytime to his gym. The bodyguard made an offhand remark about Raichu and nothing was ever the same. The first attack that the group did on Ash was to delay the buidling of his gym for as long as possible. The typical intimidation of the workers, making...
  7. Welcome to the world of Pokemon!'' Professor Oak greets me like always. Yes, I know what Pokemon are. You live with them. Some people train them, blah blah. Well, that's odd, I didn't choose the default of Red for my name. Ah well, maybe I wasn't paying attention. Blah blah,...
  8. Pokémon Trainer Comes Up Short switchgentleman Nov 1st, 2015 edited 725 Never 725Never Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features! rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 4.51 KB OK Clafable. All or nothing! Metronome! . SPLASH!? OF ALL THE MOVES YOU COULD HAVE USED, YOU USED SPLASH?!...
  9. AN: Many apologies for the delay in getting this chapter out, it went through an extensive rewrite at the last hour. 6 chapters left, thanks for sticking with me on this ride so far, and I hope you enjoy it the rest of the way. Ch. 10 After Dewford, Steven...
  10. rvously, Siren flattened her dress, smoothed down her hair and, taking a deep breath, she stepped out from behind the bushes and strode confidently towards the crowd. No one noticed. When she reached the edge, she stopped, her confidence leaking away as no one gave her even the slightest glance....
  11. Woop woop! Finally time to get my first Pokemon. I think I'll go with a Squirtle, chicks love Squirtles. Or maybe I'll get a- WHOA! Hey owl. you dropped something! Ugh, why do we even have people that clean up the streets if owls are just gon na drop letters...
  12. AN: Yo, so this is my first story for this twisted account. I have quite a few stories already written or partly written, but I do not plan to update often. Be warned that this account will have some screwed up things. Anyway, I hope you enjoy this! The warnings...
  13. This region of planets has an extremely elusive normal type species. They're not really a species of pokemon, since they don't reproduce by laying eggs and they aren't compatible with pocketizing technology. We follow the adventures of Raykito. They are a solo trainer who has arrived on Earth along with...
  14. Ring, ring and ring. Oh snap, I have to answer the call before the fourth rings - this is the rule of service industry. Hello. I apologize for not answer.'' Help! Satoshi sent us to the moon! We're now using the stolen Pikachu to send radio waves to the telecommunication!...
  15. It never was easy trying to be the best of the best, even with a few hundred predecessors, but with enough determination and hard work, you can put that aside. It's no secret that the guidelines of becoming a Pokémon Master has become more lax over the years, sure, but...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 34] — 615 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. If any one piece on this website has been of use to your guitar playing, please feel free to leave a comment and I will check it out for inclusion. This is the only site to feature original, original articles on the top twelve best guitar technique secrets ever. Here...
  2. A fret is a narrow strip of metal, wood, or other material that is installed on the neck of a guitar. It divides the neck into segments, or frets, which correspond to specific notes on the instrument. When you press down on a string with your finger behind a particular...
  3. . Turn off the power in your guitar to the first six strings, and use an open tuning peg. The tuning pegs used in Open tuning are designed to give a slight bend to the strings, so you should take your time before determining which strings are best for your...
  4. To auto-tune a guitar, you need to use an auto-tuning device. Some popular auto-tuners for guitars are made by Boss, Peterson, and TC Electronic. To set up the auto-tuner, start by attaching the device to the guitar's input jack and making sure it is powered on and connected to the...
  5. Legato is an Italian term meaning "to connect smoothly." Guitarists use hammer-ons and pull-offs as well as the occasional slide to make these kinds of connected sounds. Other musicians flutists, violinists, trumpet players, etc. think that most classical guitarists have very uneven legatos: The plucked note is louder than the...
  6. First, determine the type of guitar you're tuning. Different guitars require different tuning methods. 2 Next, use an electronic tuner or a tuning fork to find the correct notes for each string. 3 For each string, adjust the tuning peg until the note on the tuner matches the correct note....
  7. That makes a great question. I guess you want something? But something not meant to be? In a sense, a guitar is one of the four basic guitar types: a 6-string guitar, an 88-string guitar, and a 6-string guitar with an octay-face. Its a great choice for a beginner on...
  8. In the years that this site has been around, we've been very fortunate to learn much from the many talented people that have come across this page. They've posted tons of valuable information on various topics. So without further ado, here are 25 of the best articles on guitar players...
  9. Learning different types of guitar is generally more helpful if you have an interest in music and musical performance. You may wish to try a simple electric guitar. Then while youre learning, you can also switch to a acoustic guitar, which is quite easy and produces a similar sound. Once...
  10. To do that, youll need to find a special signal that tells you when the guitar feels sweet, and then youll need to find a special tool that tells you how that signal is produced. Then, you can control the guitar to make it feel one way, but at the...
  11. To tune a guitar, first make sure you have a tuner and then make sure that the strings are in the correct order from thinnest to thickest. Next, pluck each string one at a time and adjust the tuning peg until the tuner indicates that the string is in tune....
  12. It's been a while since I had a chance to write about my experience with a new guitar. So, here are my tips for getting started with making your first guitar. What Do You Want to Do With Your Guitar? Whether you're new to guitar making or you have a...
  13. . Pick up the 6 strings from the left, right, 3 and 5 strings, and the 5-string from both, right? 2. Roll the right strings into a slinky, and add all the left and right strings into that. 3. Learn that you need to fret the strings to make them...
  14. Tuning is an important skill to learn but takes practice just like everything else, so I do advise beginners to get a guitar tuner so they can make the guitar sound as nice as possible, for you and anyone that has to listen to you practise! I have a whole...
  15. A fret on a guitar is a raised strip of metal along the neck of the guitar that divides the neck into specific intervals, or frets. When you place your finger on a string at a particular fret and strum the string, it will produce a specific pitch, depending on...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 35] — 475 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I'm not a man of traditional values, of course. If you like the way men are todaymore and more anxious, more and more dependent on social services, more and more prone to abuse and mistreatment by womenthen I'm very grateful. And you can't call me a feminist. I do believe...
  2. In recent weeks and months I have been listening to a lot of talk about the "war on men". People are so afraid of this label that they try to silence critics of it. So we have writers who try to prove the thesis that men are evil, when all...
  3. "Feminism and the Politics of the Transgressive: Postmodernism and the Politics of Transgender Femininity" examines the politics of transgender expression in the feminist media of the 1980s through the prism of the social and textual dynamics of feminist discourse on gender and sexuality. The article examines the formation of the...
  4. A new campaign is calling for the government to remove the word "man" from the Oxford Dictionary because of its damaging impact on gender relations. The Oxford Dictionary of English has just two entries for the word 'man' , both of which feature "males as the object of a noun...
  5. I've noticed an increase in requests to remove the use of the term "feminism" from my videos. There has been a lot of discussion regarding my use of the word "feminism". What you may not have noticed is that there hasn't been much discussion about my use of "feminism" with...
  6. LAST YEAR, I was asked to explain what my feminist feminism was to a woman of childbearing age. Her face lit up as soon as she heard my answer: "You need a feminism for women of childbearing age!" That's because a growing number of the women I meet when I...
  7. The following post is part of the "Brief Answers to Common Questions About Feminism" series. It was originally posted as a comment to the "Feminist Quiz," which was created by the website Feministe. A lot of people ask me what my stance is on Feminism. I've already answered that question...
  8. Taken from A Voice For Men's "The New Age of Men," I thought it important to highlight an important quote from the article. This excerpt is an important message for men who want to help women as allies. What does it mean to be a feminist ally? It means helping...
  9. Funny thing about the "Toxic Feminism" movement, though. It's been pretty toxic on the right. You know that "Toxic Feminism" movement that seems like a pretty serious threat to the right, right? You might even be aware of the "Toxic Feminists" who've tried to "educate" men who've had feminism shoved...
  10. An interesting post that brings up an important question. What is your position concerning feminism? There really isn't much to say for myself as the majority of my work revolves around gender issues. However, I do have quite a few readers who are less sympathetic to feminism. One common thread...
  11. After writing my last blog, How We and Protein World Confuses Beauty with Fitness, I was contacted by a number of women saying how much they agreed. A number of them said to me "it's good to see a man who is a feminist". I told them all "I'm not...
  12. The following article is the result of an extensive correspondence. In it, the author makes a clear case against the practice of circumcision among adult males, which he has seen as an abhorrent violation of the most fundamental rights of the individual. The full text of the e-mail is available...
  13. The "R" word How do you tell a feminist from a man's man? It's not a matter of sex and love. Men are just as attracted to women as women are to men. "Men are people, too" is a statement that applies also to female feminist organizations. They are the...
  14. I haven't looked at any of the stories on this site for a while, and it's not for lack of trying. I don't know how long I'll be spending time here. The main thing I'll be looking at and the main reason I'm posting this page are the many attempts...
  15. r to find the girls these days, he whines, they re all like you tough and butch and they don t take shit from no one. Charming, I snort, is that the sort of sweet talk that gets them to drop their knickers? I m serious, he says, starting to...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 36] — 154 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The following is a list of some of the most common ways in which I have been treated as a "trans" woman since pubertyadolescence. This is not a list of all my experiences with "transness" or all the people I have been around. These are the experiences I have had,...
  2. The following is the response to my "Wife, Who is Not the Mother of My Children, has a Bisexual Identity" post, by anonymous. I have been an ally to the LGBTQIAIA community for over eight years. I believe in equality between all people. In fact, I want to see the...
  3. How did you find out? I've always been a little weird, so it was kind of like a big mystery to me. I didn't even know that there are such a thing. I remember it as if it happened yesterday. Did you always identify as transgender? At first, for about...
  4. The first time I learned I was a lesbian was in elementary school, and the second time was when I read an article about it in a magazine. But it wasn't until I started pursuing a doctorate at the University of Illinois-Chicago, doing research in lesbian and gay history, that...
  5. "I'm just a little girl who doesn't do the things I'm supposed to," I say. I wish I could have said it in a tone that suggested I couldn't believe any of it. It's like the way I hear parents say to their children: "Look! Your hair isn't all messed...
  6. The following blog posts are all from the perspective of a person who was born male but now identifies as a woman. For most of them, you will likely never see them published in mainstream media they were in my blog feed for a long, long time, but we don't...
  7. When I was younger, I had trouble understanding why people said that the Bible said "I'm born gay." I know what that means, and I believe it's true. I've spent many years trying to understand why so many people feel that way in regards to their sexual orientation. I've come...
  8. Savage Love Episode Three: Bisexuality, Queering the Binary I've been told that I need to accept my bisexuality, that it is the natural and inevitable part of my identity. How else can you expect someone to call you gay or lesbian, to say you're just confused? My life has been...
  9. I'm the sort of guy who feels really comfortable and secure in his own skin, and so it only makes sense for me to be a guy. But what I think makes me a guy is being a straight, white, cis man. Because I think it is a fact that...
  10. "My husband took a liking to me one day, and we have been together ever since. My husband knows I am a transgender activist. He has been the most supportive partner in our marriage. He has been a very good listener. We share everything on the road. I get to...
  11. A few months ago on one of my social media sites, I shared a news item suggesting that people do not want to be gay. Well, here I am, a few months later, still asking for affirmation over it. I don't particularly care about it, really; it doesn't make me...
  12. I was not born a woman, I am a woman who was not born with breasts I'm a female transsexual, I used to be a man in my past life, but now I'm not a man any more I was raised by a single mom who tried to raise me...
  13. ink that I'm mean. My parents are just. my parents are textbook unreasonable.'' Sammy had no idea how unreasonable. I started at Martin High at the beginning of the school year. It was weird that I was transferring my junior year but there's a lot of government work in the...
  14. Savage Love Deaf Queer Pederast I know this might be out of place, but I need help explaining this to a friend. I am a straight, cis, non-disabled man or trans if you're looking for something a little more "inclusive" and I've been sexually attracted to men for the past...
  15. This is how I am. I am an Asian woman and my husband is white. We are both very close as parents. He is super supportive. We are very close for life. I am also bisexual. He just doesn't know it yet. As an Asian, I am not always allowed...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 37] — 457 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. CNN A small airplane slammed into a house in a neighborhood on a Texas golf course, killing five people and injuring seven, police said. Authorities, however, may not know its cause until the search of the crime scene is completed, the Corpus Christi Caller-Times reported. That includes looking at the...
  2. On this day in 1981, an American airman is killed in a helicopter crash in Italy. The crash of the aircraft was apparently not survivable, according to US Army records, and the crew's parachutes failed to deploy. The pilot and copilot were found dead in their seats with "some major...
  3. CLOSE Officials from Nashville police and fire departments give a briefing Monday, Feb. 3, 2014, on a plane crash near the Bellevue YMCA in Bellevue, Tenn. The Tennessean Three bodies have been recovered from wreckage. Fire crews work the scene of a plane that crashed near the YMCA in Bellevue,...
  4. Lorin Maurer sat in seat 3A on Colgan Air Flight 3407 on February 12, 2009, and was en route to Buffalo, New York, after taking off from Newark Airport to celebrate the wedding of her boyfriend's brother on Valentines Day, two days later. Maurer, who had just turned 30 and...
  5. CINCINNATI -- There were seven people on board that plane when it hit the field at Ohio Stadium in 2010 and four of them ended up killed. The plane crash in Cleveland last month wasn't an accident. Two people survived. The plane was used by a company that was testing...
  6. A small plane carrying 11 people crashed into a house in southern India Tuesday, killing all nine who were on board, authorities said. The plane, a Cessna 152, was flying from the city of Kozhikode in southern India to Chennai in the country's northeast state of Tamil Nadu. "All of...
  7. MEXICO CITY Reuters - More than a dozen bodies were found in the wreckage of a passenger jet that crashed into a mountain in southern Mexico on Friday, bringing the number of dead to 71, Mexican authorities said. An employee carries debris after a crash of a Virgin America plane,...
  8. Image copyright Zak Harrison Image caption A Royal Navy Sea King helicopter attended the scene of the crash Two people have been seriously injured when a light aircraft crashed on the Isle of Bute. The plane came down near the airstrip at Kingarth in the south of the island at...
  9. A British man on a business trip to Japan accidentally triggered a radiation leak at an ancient temple. At least 20 people were treated at the nearby hospital At just after noon Tuesday, a British-owned plane, en route to Japan following an business trip to Hiroshima, landed in the middle...
  10. Jan 15 Chesley Sullenberger lands US Airways Flight 1549 on the Hudson River shortly after takeoff from LaGuardia Airport in NYC. All passengers and crew members survive in what becomes known as the "Miracle on the Hudson" More
  11. One person was injured after a small aircraft crashed near the Hawthorne Municipal Airport on Monday, officials said.The incident occurred in the 3600 block of 120th Street around 12:15 p.m. Los Angeles County fire officials described the aircraft as an ultralight aircraft and said it caught fire following the crash.The...
  12. A small plane has crashed into the Potomac River just east of Fort Myer in Arlington County in the U.S. Virgin Islands. The crash happened just before 7 p.m. during a training exercise in an area known as the "Poror Air Range." At this time, it is unknown why the...
  13. CNN -- A small plane crash-landed at a South Carolina airport Tuesday afternoon. The pilot and two passenger survived the crash and were being treated in local hospitals. The pilot, David Hogue, 52, from Greenville, Mississippi, was in the plane with the two passengers, who were not hurt, according to...
  14. CAPE CORAL, Fla. -- A small plane crash is under investigation near Cape Coral Parkway this morning. It happened shortly before 10 a.m. Friday on Miramar Street in front of the Dolphin Key Resort, just south of Cape Coral Parkway near Del Prado Boulevard. One person was in the plane...
  15. Details of the crash are still coming in, though it's believed that weather difficulties combined with pilot error have led to the plane crashing off the coast of the Sea of Japan. At this time there is no further information, though sources are telling us. The woman on the television...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 38] — 180 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Riding the wave of the biggest global economic crisis, the number of Americans joining a faith community has risen to an all-time high: 38 of self-identified atheists and agnostics are members of a religious community, a Gallup report shows. And it's a trend that could be a factor in the...
  2. Photo: REUTERSCarlos BarriaFiles The number of Americans with no religious affiliation has more than quadrupled to 8.9 million during the past four decades, according to a new report by the Barna Group that also calls for a fundamental rethinking of U.S. public policy on religion. "The Great U-Turn on Religion,"...
  3. A recent report from the Pew Research Center found that the share of children of college age with no religious preference has been gradually rising since the 1970s, and the figure reached a high of 68 in 2014. The number of American children with no religious preference, however, is not...
  4. The Demographics of Catholics in the United States Research Paper Introduction The affiliation of Americans to religion is an anomaly, which social scientists have constantly tried to evaluate. Even though it is a secular country, religious participation and affiliation are above average in the US compared to other western industrialized...
  5. "The most incredible part is the fact that it is very hard to find people out there who believe what he's saying," said Dan O'Keefe, a communications professor at Boston College who studies religious conversion. O'Keefe added that such conversion efforts can be successful in a broad range of cases,...
  6. The latest in a series of articles exploring the relationship between religion and the media focuses on television and the portrayal of the Christian faith in the media. The rise of religion in public life was, and is, undeniable, as were its effects. With political parties and governments increasingly turning...
  7. On the heels of a report by the Pew Research Center last week, which found that the share of Americans who believe God plays no or essentially no role in determining the fate of a person before they die, a poll released today by the Public Religion Research Institute finds...
  8. : The Religious and Spiritual Lives of Emerging Adults Christian Smith , Patricia Snell Oxford University Press , Sep 14, 2009 - Religion - 368 pages 0 Reviews https:books.google.combooksaboutSouls_in_Transition.html?idwtKZ_33BxIUC How important is religion for young people in America today? What are the major influences on their developing spiritual lives? How...
  9. The "War on Christmas" is over, says Pew. Christmas is bigger than ever. But if you want the facts, head outside: Nearly two-thirds of Americans say their religious views have changed little or nothing since the last survey in 2007. More than half of Americans 52 percent say religion and...
  10. A new survey of young people has found a link between atheism and violence, and has also found more people are identifying as atheist. The American Religious Identification Survey ARIS polled over 18,000 people in the US in 2011, to determine the religious leanings of young Americans. The results of...
  11. A recent study reveals that one-fifth of Americans are religiously unaffiliated -- higher than at any time in recent U.S. history. But for those younger than 30 that number is even higher. A third of young Americans say they don't belong to any religion. Americans drifting away from religion is...
  12. RNS A new Pew Research Center poll on America's views of religion reveals a lot of divisions about the country's religious makeup, but none of the divide seems to be rooted in religion. Of all the religious groups, the largest religious group in America Jews is the least likely to...
  13. The number of Americans who believe in the existence of God more than doubled in six years, from 32 percent in 2007 to 60 percent in 2012, according to a new study based on three national surveys. The findings come as the religiously unaffiliated have become a growing share of...
  14. Pew has released its annual State of the States report. And what a report it is. It has a lot to say, and the numbers support their content. To see what they had to say, click below, and don't forget to "like" us on Facebook for a chance to get...
  15. Church Attendance Debate Back to Attendance of Worship Services There has been debate over the accuracy of church attendance figures obtained through self-report measures such as those used on most major social surveys. In the early 1990s, approximately 40 percent of Americans reported weekly church attendance on a number of...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 39] — 339 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. ROMEThe Vatican says it will cut its budget by 15.5 in 2015 and eliminate 1,000 jobs, as part of efforts to boost the Vatican's reputation, boost security and stem the flow of funds from foreign governments. The document, a summary of the Pope Francis' financial reform package, says that this...
  2. ROME Reuters - A Roman Catholic cardinal said on Monday the Vatican had received reports from Vatican diplomats in some African nations that the Catholic Church had been the victim of a coup or some similar form of violence. Bishop Roberto Spadaro said it was time for the Holy See...
  3. YouTube In an interview with La Stampa's Vatican Insider reporter from last year, the new Pope Francis, then just Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio, was asked a question about the Vatican's sometimes-controversial bureaucratic wing, the Curia. The interview came in the wake of the VatiLeak's scandal, where leaked documents had apparently exposed...
  4. ROME Reuters - The Vatican, in concert with the European Union, will step up its efforts to combat organized crime and corruption and improve its financial transparency, said the head of the office of financial monitoring, Federico Lombardi. Vatican City, Italy - Rome's Apostolic Signatura Building is seen in the...
  5. Bengaluru CNN-- A senior editor with a prominent international newspaper says if he would write that the Vatican was going to start selling the organs of murdered Catholics, the story would "go viral on the web." "But if I wrote that the Vatican was getting ready to start selling the...
  6. ROME -- The Vatican has's Catholic media arm is looking to expand its presence in Latin America, and a Spanish-language video news service is in the works. On Monday, Latin American bishops meet to discuss the Vatican's desire to invest in new Catholic television and radio outlets. "We're going to...
  7. This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form. AARON MATÉ: I'm Aaron Maté, and this is The Interpreter. Today, we look at the crisis facing the Catholic Church in Argentina, and how Pope Francis has given the hierarchy a series of new tools in dealing...
  8. ROME AP Pope Francis said Friday that Pope Benedict should have resigned over the sex abuse scandal, citing a "serious error of judgement." Francis spoke immediately after Benedict made his "honest and profound" apology to victims of sexual abuses by members of the clergy during his five decades as pope....
  9. ROME Reuters - Pope Francis on Friday welcomed back a Spanish priest who had been detained in Ecuador over charges of involvement in a "gay cure" operation and said the case was "a good reason to love God". The Vatican did not name the priest but said it was the...
  10. ROME Reuters - The Roman Catholic church on Sunday denied a report by Italian journalists that the pope's private jet was hijacked on Wednesday by activists of the Italian Communist resistance, as a Vatican spokesman rejected such a possibility. Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI is greeted by French Cardinal now Prince...
  11. ROME The Holy Father's meeting with a group of priests is not scheduled and the Vatican is disputing their claims that the meeting is taking place, a Vatican spokesman has said. The Rev. Federico Lombardi, the Vatican spokesman, also rejected suggestions that Pope Francis and Cardinal Raymond Burke, chairman of...
  12. The U.S. bishops' conference has named a Jesuit known for conventional views on marriage and sexuality as its new doctrinal watchdog, replacing a key staffer behind several controversial criticisms of theologians in recent years. Fr. Peter Ryan will become executive director of the bishops' secretariat of doctrine and canonical affairs...
  13. ROME A Roman official has suggested that the Vatican should ban the publication of the so-called Vatican II documents, which many traditionalists believe paved the way for Vatican II to happen. The comments made by the head of Rome's official publication service came ahead of a special meeting on Sunday...
  14. CNA 'Council of Cardinals' Talks Simplification, Decentralization for Curial Reform The majority of discussion focused on proposals surrounding different Vatican departments. Cardinal Sean O'Malley of Boston also led an 'exchange of thoughts' on Pope's motu proprio that stipulates that neglect on the part of a bishop in abuse cases is...
  15. Francis today formally approved Mother Teresa's elevation to sainthood and set September 4 as the date for her canonisation. The move comes 19 years after the death of the missionary nun who dedicated most of her adult life to working with the poor of Kolkata. The committee that approves elevations...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 40] — 179 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Buddhist schools have taught for centuries that the world is composed of separate enlightened objects which are called k-12 because they are thought to be objects of meditation for children to grow up to be Buddhists, as those objects are called eăgyma- which refers to the fact of balance in...
  2. . Buddhism started with a monotheistic approach and its leaders played an indispensable role in shaping Buddhist history. 2. But the Buddha was a charismatic leader who was born into wealth and fame. At age 17 he was arrested and sentenced to exile for thirty years. 3. When he was...
  3. The following is adapted from the book, An Introduction to Buddhism: What Buddhists Believe by Gurdjieff, edited by R.D. Laing. The authors were R.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada 1907-1984 and George L. Dantzig 1902-1979. It is true that there is a very strong tendency to find fault with Buddhism, especially with...
  4. Buddhism as the Most Peaceful Religion Essay There is a great number of people on over planet. Every human being is a unique creature that has its own traditions and beliefs. That is why there is a great number of different religions which try to satisfy peoples need in God....
  5. From: dave_chris - July 28, 2011 07:47 am UTC I have a couple of things related to the above topic, and I'll just add on it. First, we at the SGI always take a hard look at ourselves. To paraphrase a famous quotation, "Those who complain are those who have...
  6. Buddi was a founder of Buddhism, and his philosophy emphasizes self-realization, which can be achieved through practicing self-oriented habits.
  7. Religious Teachings of Buddhist Doctrine Essay One of the Buddhisms main characteristics is the fact that its theological doctrine appears to reflect both: the genetically predetermined psychological inclinations of the ancient Aryans the religions initial creators, and the fact that, as time went on, the Buddhist doctrine was becoming progressively...
  8. Buddhism originated in India in the 6th century BCE, with the teachings of Siddhartha Gautama, who came to be known as the Buddha. Born a prince, Siddhartha rejected the luxuries of his royal lineage to pursue enlightenment. Through a process of meditation and renunciation, he eventually attained nirvana, and was...
  9. Buddhists are a group of followers who try to find their way to what is called the Great Enlightenment, which is a certain state of deep peace and enlightenment. Hinduism is a group of followers who believe that this state is the result of a particular kind of philosophy called...
  10. Salvation and Self in Hinduism and Theravada Buddhism Essay The two religions of Hinduism and Buddhism deal with familiar problems but proffer diverse solutions. Both the religions deal with a common theme or problem of the Samsara, which is actually the circle of life comprising of the three basic events...
  11. Buddha was actually a man. He was enlightened. He just had no name. He didn't speak like a man. He was just born human and was raised as a woman. He was a Buddhist. In the end, he was just a man. If anything he might be a man of...
  12. "Lou Reed was not a Buddhist" writes Rod Meade Sperry for Shambhala SunSpace. However, he did study meditation under Yongey Mingyur Rinpoche and claimed to be a "student of Buddhist philosophy." He was also a supporter of various causes, including the movement to free Tibet.
  13. Buddhism Dependent on the Buddha, Buddhism is a religion that teaches compassion for all living creatures, including humans. The most important characteristic of Buddhism is that it teaches the importance of cultivating relationships, so that they become interrelated, or in Buddhist terminology: a "constellation." This is how all experiences in...
  14. Hinduism Religion: Food and Asceticism Essay Food has become an important aspect of different religions and socio-cultural belief systems. The gift of food is considered sacred within the perimeters of Hinduism. Therefore, it is common knowledge within the religion that food increases life, purity, strength, health, joy, and cheerfulness all...
  15. Buddhism is full of stories of the world's most extraordinary people. It tells us about Jesus, Siddhartha Gautama, Ram Chandra Gautami, Mahamati, Kamsa, and so many more. But I could not find one who could ever come close to the name of the Buddha. Born in 570 BC in present-day...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 41] — 329 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Several weeks back a rather amusing gaffe happened in an online article published in the Deseret News, a newspaper owned by the LDS church. The article is called " LDS CIO helps LDSTech attendees better understand church membership ." This article reports on a representative from the church attending a...
  2. Mormonism is in the midst of a crisis. From a financial perspective, the church's cash mountain is a mystery, and from a public relations perspective, it is in shambles. The financial statements and the public relations firm that run them are both full of errors, some of which are quite...
  3. I have been involved with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints since its founding in 1830. My involvement began in the Church. I attended Church every Sunday and participated in the activities of the Church. After years of service, I was called to serve as an elder for...
  4. Mormon feminists: 'We deserve better' By Susan Walsh Published 14 September 2015 Feminists within the Mormon Church who disagree with church leadership on issues from women's ordination to the family to the ordination of gay and transgender Mormons have been called apostate. It's taken Mormon feminists and allies almost a...
  5. I heard a rumor recently that the LDS hymnal is going to be updated with a revised edition. Now, just to quell any Bloggernacle rumormongering which, as this BCC post points out, has gotten insanely out of hand, please note that I haven't been able to get any confirmation on...
  6. You are here: Home Christian Talk Blacks Ridiculed again by the Mormon Church. Blacks Ridiculed again by the Mormon Church. Like Like Love Haha Wow Sad Angry ThyBlackMan.com For several years now, every Tuesday evening I have had the great privilege of addressing the Christian and Mormon listeners of Worship...
  7. 1 of 2 View Caption Courtesy photo The temple where Mormons believe God once walked. Courtesy photo The temple where Mormons believe God once walked.
  8. As a long-time member of the LDS faith, I am always thrilled to see new information in regards to the historical and doctrinal basis of the LDS church. However, I am always disturbed by the amount of disinformation surrounding any questions or doubts that members may have, and the fact...
  9. Trojan Horses In Mormon Land Article Hyperlinks Evenson's Claims - Promoting Dissension - Trojan Horse Toppled - Not A Mormon? - Non-Profit? - Death Threats - Serious Questions - Mormon Scholars Scolded - Tiff Over A Black Hole - Walters' Last Sermon A great deal has happened since we began...
  10. SALT LAKE CITY There were a couple of things missing from the LDS Church's website following a report that church leaders were considering removing a popular children's book. Most notably, the page devoted to the "Lamanite" was nowhere to be found. That omission apparently came thanks to some late night...
  11. The latest episode of the podcast was released on Nov. 18 and can be downloaded at www.jesus-is-savior.podbean.com. It discusses the latest update on issues relating to the Church Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. In the episode, David F. Evans and Don Bradley talk about a book, The Mormon...
  12. If you look up "hippie" in a dictionary, you're likely to see a picture of a peace-loving hippie. But what if you're a member of the Mormon Church who's been told you have to have a higher standard than a hippie, a person who's going to hell because she's an...
  13. As a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, it is very important for you to know how your church is supposed to be run. Here are some tips, suggestions, and guidelines for people who plan on running the LDS church: 1. Find the person to whom...
  14. This year, you and your family are invited to participate in a celebration honoring the memory of Joseph and Elizabeth Smith as they lived in Nauvoo. On October 10, 2017, you can join Latter-day Saint families from across the country for a one-hour Family History lesson and viewing of The...
  15. By now, we've all heard the term "Mormon Man" used by women, by both men and women male and female, in reference to a person who is either inactive in the church or has been excommunicated but is still, for example, friends with a woman in the ward when it...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 42] — 748 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Paul as a Christian Worker Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Essay 3. Paul as an Itinerant Missionary 4. Paul as a Pastor 5. Paul as a Writer 6. Conclusion 7. References 8. Footnotes Introduction One of the most prominent characters in the Bible and especially the New Testament...
  2. Other messages in: Right With God, Volume 1 The book of Galatians provides rich material for study on the subject of Christian freedom. Warning against false teachers who attempted to pervert the one true Gospel, Paul confirmed the authority of Scripture and salvation through grace by faith in the finished...
  3. A few years ago, I went on a two-night tour with the local church. In that first night, I found myself wondering if Jesus is as popular everywhere as he claims. My first night was focused primarily on the Catholic Church. At one point, I felt a stirring in the...
  4. The Catholic Church teaches that the gifts of the Holy Spirit are special abilities or endowments that are given to believers in Jesus Christ to help them to grow in holiness and to better serve the body of Christ, the Church. These gifts are often associated with the fruit of...
  5. I think I'm ready to take this step with you. My love for the Bible is now a matter of life and death, that's why I had to ask you to watch this video and to hear my testimony from that point on. you may be skeptical at first and...
  6. Understanding and Applying the Bible: The Epistle to the Galatians Essay Galatians, one of four letters confidently attributed to Paul himself Bruce 1, addresses a group possibly including exiles in dispersion from Roman persecution, but more likely consisting of converted local ethnic Celts, in todays Turkey. Bruce, 14. They had...
  7. The Gift of Speaking in Tongues and Its Relevance Expository Essay Table of Contents 1. Distinction between Gifts of the Spirit and Fruits of the Spirit 2. The Gift of Speaking in Tongues 3. Baptism in the Holy Spirit 4. Relevance Today 5. Works Cited The Holy Spirit is the...
  8. Salvation Concept in Christian Theology Essay Introduction Initially, when God created the World, the man was close to him and lived in the Paradise garden. But later sin split God and man, and since those times people and God exist separately. Jesus Christ was sent to the Earth to save...
  9. I am writing now a book about the most important part of a book, The Beginning and the End. This book is called The Complete Word of God. It is not only of great interest to scholars of a certain genre and a certain theological discipline, as well as to...
  10. The idea of the "gifts" the Holy Trinity receives in the Holy Bible is one of the most important concepts to understand. Let's start by looking at this question again: "What do we call those gifts of the Holy Trinity?" What does "gifts" mean in the Bible? "Gifts" is found...
  11. The New Testament: James about the Tongue Term Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Discussion 3. Conclusion 4. Works Cited Introduction The New Testament is considered to be one of the most important parts of the Bible that depicts the true nature of human duties, demands, and desires, that...
  12. An Analysis of I Timothy, II Timothy, Titus, Philemon, and Hebrews Essay Table of Contents 1. I Timothy 2. II Timothy 3. Titus 4. Philemon 5. Hebrews 6. References I Timothy The main purpose of I Timothy was to provide Timothy with advice and guidance on the right way to...
  13. Gods Great Promises to Human Beings Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Stephens Preaching 3. Story of Moses 4. Conclusion 5. References Introduction The book of acts was written by Apostle Paul with the greater intention s of creating a realistic understanding of the word of God and the...
  14. Pauls Speech at the Areopagus at Mars Hill Research Paper Characters The characters identified in the passage are: 1. Paul: The protagonist or the main character in the passage. 2. The Areopagites: Respected men of Athens 3. Dionysius: The member of the Areopagus town who believed the message. 4. Damaris:...
  15. Psalm 51. A Psalm of David. Exegetical Analysis Essay Introduction The book of Psalms is a presentation of musical themes contained in prayers and poems from diverse authorship profiled for the sole purpose of Biblical teaching. 1 Psalms are a collection of independent literary thought that were developed by various...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 43] — 1968 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Nursing Homes: Budgeting and Reimbursement Essay Quality Assurance Plan The quality of services offered in a nursing home defines its national ratings. According to Singh 2009, developing a quality assurance plan may help in improving the standards of services offered within these homes. In this plan, the researcher has identified...
  2. Insecurity in the Healthcare Facilities Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Purpose 3. Design 4. Data Measurement and Analysis 5. Results 6. References Introduction Londes 2007 conducted a research to investigate on the causes of insecurity in the surgery room, as it had become a rampant story in many...
  3. The Overview of Nursing Association in the US Analytical Essay Nursing homes have come a long way in providing quality long-term carefor the aged. Over the years, nursing association in the United States has expanded its licensing boundaries to accommodate various levels of education in nursing as well as accountability...
  4. The 2019 National Patient Safety Goals Essay The national patient safety goals focus on identifying and addressing problems in the healthcare and safety sector to enhance patient welfare. The 2019 report on the wellbeing of disabled people addressed several areas in a similar manner as its annually released predecessors. Among...
  5. Discussion of Nurse-Patient Ratio Essay Providing patients with proper care and offering them effective and timely services are among the main objectives that nurses must meet in the clinical setting. Therefore, it is vital to assign a restricted number of patients per nurse so that a nurse could pay enough...
  6. Implementing a Precise Nursing Ratio of 1:5 Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Empirical Evidence 3. Specific Examples 4. Conclusion 5. Reference List Introduction The fact that nurses compose the basis of healthcare seems to be undoubted. These specialists carry out a series of critical functions such as administering,...
  7. Nursing Unit Configuration Impact on Staffing Demand Proposal Table of Contents 1. Topic Area 2. Motivation of Interest 3. Key Research Questions 4. Aims of the Project 5. Work Materials Involved 6. Methodology Research Techniques 7. Proposed Outcomes of the Research 8. References Topic Area In recent years, the argument...
  8. The American Association of Nurse Practitioners AANP has endorsed a resolution calling for more attention to "policies that assist nurse practitioners to maintain quality nursing care and to prevent health care costs from rising too much." The resolution, adopted at the group's annual convention, was written by Janet Waddell, director...
  9. RNs Role in Health Promotion and Patient Outcomes Essay The role of RN in primary, secondary, and tertiary healthcare settings can be broadly defined as providing the patient with means for addressing the patients needs associated with a health issue. The said means are collectively known as self-care and dependent-care...
  10. Nursing Shortage and Its Effects on Healthcare Delivery Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Literature Review 3. Current Status 4. Meaning of the Current Knowledge 5. Formal Research Question 6. Conclusion 7. References Introduction Despite the recent advances in nursing, including the introduction of the latest technology, the...
  11. Nursing Leaders Can Deliver a New Model of Care by Shalala Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Removing practice barriers 3. Promoting education 4. Conclusions and recommendations 5. Work Cited Introduction In the article Nursing Leaders Can Deliver a New Model of Care , Shalala 3 portends that the...
  12. Patient Safety Culture Among Nurses in Saudi Arabia Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Background 3. Literature Review 4. Conclusion 5. References Introduction Every client expects to get fair treatment as they seek services from an organization since they are willing and able to spend their resources in...
  13. Nursing Workload and Patient Safety Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Nurses are not overworked 3. Nurses are overworked 4. Both Views are Right or Wrong 5. Conclusion 6. References Introduction The United States faces an increased demand for nursing professionals in hospitals and other health care facilities. On...
  14. Quality Factors: Patient-Centered Care Presentation Patient-Centered Care What Is It? Services offered to patients with respect and high-level responsiveness. Who Offers? All medical staff members, including nurses, doctors, surgeons, administrators, etc. Main Principles: Quality, safety, support, understanding, respect. Today, patients want to make sure that their care is at a...
  15. Staffing Influence on Emergency Patient Experience Essay Abstract The research shows that Emergency Departments EDs in many regions of the country are short-staffed, and this fact influences the patient experiences significantly. The shortages in the nurse staff affect the waiting time for patients, and as a result, the level of...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 44] — 456 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Incorporating Human development theory Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. How they are similar 3. How they are different 4. Whether there are value judgments inherent in either view 5. Conclusions 6. References Introduction There are numerous inferences that can be drawn from Piaget and Maslows ideologies that...
  2. Vygotsky: Leading Activity in Infancy Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Mediation by caregivers 3. Accomplishments of successful transformation 4. Negative consequences of failure in leading activity 5. Conclusion 6. Reference Introduction The problems of child development mechanisms happen to be the most difficult yet very important in...
  3. Jean Piagets Theory of Child Development Essay Table of Contents 1. Targeted Website 2. Main Points Covered in the Resource 3. Why this Resource is Acceptable 4. Reference List Targeted Website Jean Piaget studied the development of children through continued interaction and observation Piaget, 2015, para. 1. Piagets theories have...
  4. Psychodynamic Approach Survey Analytical Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Discussion 3. Conclusion 4. Reference List Introduction There are many different ways of how a person can check hisher personal abilities to define what kind of job may be closer and more appropriate for himher. This time, I make...
  5. Pieces of the Personality Puzzle: Individual Psychology Theory Essay Each individuality is different; however, there are some specific features, which people may share. Applying to these similar features, the psychological theories have been developed. Reading two cases devoted to Martin, a successful lawyer, and Toshimi, an owner of a ballet...
  6. Theory of Cognitive Development: When the Greatest Ideas are Put to Practice Explicatory Essay There is no secret that of all complicated mechanisms existing, the one of a human brain must be the most sophisticated one. Even though some major discoveries were made, they were still the tip of the...
  7. Cognition and Formal Operations Stage Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. The concept 3. Reflection 4. Application 5. Conclusion 6. References Introduction Decomposing human personality, it can be stated that the component of cognition can be explained in contexts larger than the commonly known. In that regard, most people...
  8. Psychological Testing: Principles, and Applications Report Assessment Table of Contents 1. Influence of Schools of Thought 2. Comparing Two Schools of Thought 3. Humanistic, Cognitive, and Psychobiology Schools Option 1 4. Identifying a Research Topic 5. References Influence of Schools of Thought Mental testing practices were rudimentary in China as...
  9. Theory of Cognitive Development Psychology Essay In chapter six of the book, McDevitt and Ormrod 2013 explore cognitive development using the Piaget theory. Children have been described by Piaget as learners who are more active than adults. Children can construct an amazing world around them. Piaget documented four different stages...
  10. Humanistic Theory and Research Research Paper Introduction Humanistic theory is a psychological perspective towards the self. According to the theory, people are naturally good and if given freedom, they can be relied upon to make decisions in the right direction. This is means that the person thinks of himherself as...
  11. Preschool Program Based on Piagets Developmental Theory Essay This paper aims to work out a preschool program for children, who range from one to eighteen months. This program will be based on the theory of cognitive development, introduced by Jean Piaget 2001. First and foremost, we need to identify the...
  12. Existence, Relatedness, and Growth Model by Clayton Alderfer Essay Critical Writing Clayton Paul Alderfer was a psychologist who was born on 1 st September, 1940 in Pennsylvania. He expounded Maslows hierarchy of needs by integrating it into the existence, relatedness and growth model. He is also the proponent of frustration...
  13. Matrix Table and Personality Analysis Essay Theory Assumptions Reliability Validity Application Gordon Allport assumes that it is necessary to focus on the concrete individual and on its uniqueness rather than on the observation of groups and generalizations. Allports theories are based on rethinking the concepts developed by the other researchers....
  14. The Freuds Tripartite Theory of Personality Research Paper Table of Contents 1. One major personality theory 2. Its use in conducting an assessment 3. Personality assessment practices 4. Current research trends and their variance across cultures 5. References One major personality theory One of the major personality theories is the...
  15. Educational Psychology: Cognitive Development in Children Essay Critical Writing The key objective was to understand and review the significant aspects of human development. These aspects are naturally connected to a number of issues and are contingent on different interpretations of social development Slavin 2009. Throughout the process of learning, I...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 45] — 366 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The main places you can find these are the journals devoted to quantum physics, plus online quatchers quoting from scientific papers I would like to know about the quatchers quoting from technical papers The fundamental nature of quantum existence and information is still a profound unsolved question. What are the...
  2. What is quantum computing and how will it change the world is known as quantum physics. In classical physics, objects can be found in the states of one particle at a time, and the dynamics of those states are determined by a set of rules. In quantum physics, the dynamics...
  3. When you say "quantism", you mean people working with it, for example in quantum- societies, where a bunch of people are running around in the central field. And all of these people are "quantified" in some way, meaning they can interact with one another. This is the basic "quantion" as...
  4. In quantum computing, this process is called quantum computing. It is actually a phenomenon in physics, not a mathematical principle, although lots of people have done mathematical calculations on it. Think of a way to represent a time as 1 unit of time, and 1 unit of energy as 1...
  5. In this paper we describe how a "new" class of computational phenomena called "quasistatic dynamics" is able to be used to generate complex behavior, like the flow of water, in complex systems, such as an electric field in a gas. These dynamics are based on the "spontaneous" generation of a...
  6. . The concepts in quantum computing are about how to represent reality using special rules and properties called quantum physics. 2. The specific rules that quantum computers have to follow in order to perform calculations are called quantum laws, which are written as mathematical statements called quocrelations. 3. Quocrelations must...
  7. I 'm a Physics and Computer Science double major , and I 'm going to try my best with this one , but I can tell you that quantum is n't my best subject . So I 'm having a hard time with this one , but what I can...
  8. . https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiUnquantum_system_of_nature_2. https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiUnquantum_system_of_nature_1. https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiComplecity_of_quantity. https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiComplecity_of_quantity_at_zero. https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiComplecity_of_quantity_at_zero. https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiThe_many_things_the_world_is_complec_of. https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiUnquantum_system_of_nature_2. https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiQuantum_system_of_nature_2. https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiThe_many_things_is_complec_of. https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiComplecity_of_quantity_at_zero.
  9. A few months back, we talked about one way we might be able to get an answer to this question, given a very fast and reliable way to make a quantum bitthe qubit that represents an information bit in the standard modelat room temperature and in a few nanoseconds. Today,...
  10. I think you mean quantum computing is the general theory that computing happens in. In practice, this theory must mean that computing is taking place at the time of the simulation, which is when the simulation began, and will continue to be used for the future. In order for computing...
  11. Quantum computers is an abstract object called a System state that follows a set of rules defined by a governing system. In practice, these rules can be applied to the System and the user, and the user can make various decisions, known as qubits. Users can also do some mathematical...
  12. they use the principle of superposition, which is a fancy way of saying that the state of a computer is a mixture of two states, called superposition. The superposition is one of the key principles of quantum computer. The second principle is called superposition. When the computer tries to comprevin...
  13. Quark computing is a computing technology that embodies all the fundamental aspects of quantum mechanics, known as the laws of physics that make our fundamental units untausted and our fundamental dynamics untapped. To do something, we need to decide on rules for when we do something, since what we did...
  14. - How do you know if two things are "entangled"? They can be in the same superposition of states. When a situation is at the peak of it, and the two things are at the maximum, they can have a superposition of state. This is what allows them to get...
  15. Phys.org An international team, headed by Professor of Applied Mathematics Nils Petter Gleditsch University of St Andrews, UK, has made a major step towards the development of a practical quantum computer, by developing a new model that reproduces the behaviour of the quantum system in real, physical systems by a...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 46] — 1335 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. . Use body language to show that enthusiasm and interest. People do this when theyre excited, and when they feel that what youre talking about is something they really care about. Body language can also help us to identify which speakers are the most knowledgeable and trustworthy. 2. Make your...
  2. . Make eye contact. 2. Place your most-frequently-used words in the first place, so that when you speak theyll be ready. 3. Spoke in a natural environment. 4. Show a positive attitude. 5. Dont over-think people. 6. Use natural language. 7. Be aware of your surroundings. 8. Make your ideas...
  3. To improve your conversation skills, start by becoming more familiar with the topic you are discussing. Make sure youre up-to-date on current events, news, and trends in order to have a more interesting conversation. Also, practice active listening skills by giving the other person your full attention and responding with...
  4. . Say "no" to people. 2. Don't interrupt people until they've finished saying something. 3. Be conscious of the people you are speaking with and the audience." 4. Some people speak quietly in a group audience, which is why you should avoid speaking loudly in a group." 5. "I think...
  5. Find good ways to articulate your thoughts so that you can express yourself clearly. 2 Start practicing active listening to absorb information accurately. 3 Practice public speaking to help build your confidence in conversations. 4 Take advantage of technology, such as instant messaging and video calls, to practice communicating with...
  6. 1. Look for opportunities to practice speaking and actively participate in conversations. 2. Speak at a reasonable pace and use pauses to help emphasize your points. 3. Learn how to use your body language to communicate effectively. 4. Practice active listening, which involves focusing on what the other person is...
  7. Coffee, by its nature, has a strong social element to it. It is a common place where you can talk, meet new people, and learn something new. If you are in a meeting, it is not hard to see how this social aspect of coffee might create opportunities for people...
  8. If you have no meetings, or maybe a short dinner, it would be useful to practice some basic skills on your part, like being professional, being polite, talking about topics of conversation, and listening to people.
  9. One tip is to start by engaging with individuals in the room. Ask questions, listen to their responses, and build off of them to keep the conversation going. Additionally, maintain an open and relaxed body posture and avoid any negative body language, as this can make you feel less confident....
  10. Make a great first impression by being pleasant and informal, and also making your speech clearly understandable. People will also look for the information they already have on hand, but if someone speaks nicely, they'll look for some extra info.
  11. . Think about the speech that the speakers delivering, or what theyre saying. Focus on those specific details. Its not enough to talk about the general topic, but also for us to stay focused on the specific context. 2. Remember that theyre talking with people who are similar to you....
  12. Well present using a variety of cues, such as words and gestures! But the most important thing is to communicate what you want to say, not what you think others should say. After that, other people will pay attention to your cues, and pay attention to the message you're bringing.
  13. Listening skills are a real skill, and there are a number of things you can do to improve your listening skills. You can increase the amount of words youre using and when, try using fewer words and taking a longer time frame, try a variety of sounds. Also, if you...
  14. Practice focusing on the speaker and make eye contact when appropriate. 2 Refrain from interrupting and ask clarifying questions to ensure understanding. 3 Reflect the speaker's message back to them so they can confirm youve been listening. 4 Try to keep an open mind and avoid jumping to conclusions. 5...
  15. You can use a variety of techniques. For example, if youre in public, you could start to pay careful attention to the speakers audience, and where they seem to be from. And also, you could make a note to yourself, so that you remember that theyre just speaking one topic,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 47] — 607 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. d Lord Vader have some sort of connection but I still don't believe that. Even if those rebels on the moon somehow managed to destroy the shield generator how could their puny makeshift rebel fleet face the combined might of both the main imperial fleet AND a fully operation Deathstar....
  2. "Don't let your guard down. We can take care of everything else." Jedi Knight Jaden Korr src The Jedi Temple Guards were a group of female Jedi trained around the time of the Great Sith War who were tasked by the Jedi Council with escorting convoys to the main gates...
  3. Honestly, I thought he was a myth. I had heard several times of this man-machine who could move things with his mind. I had even read stories when we snuck into the Imperial palace on Coruscant. The books had said that there were thousands of these Jedi'' who controlled this...
  4. Origin L'Wit is the daughter of the Brother Royal of the Badoon and the loveliest of his royal harem. She convinced him to spare the daughter and she was shipped off as a baby where no one would ever seek her - Ubliex - a planet within the event horizon...
  5. ' The surprise and questions that played across her features were innocent, shocked, entirely her own process of understanding what I had just proposed. and yet they sent a tremor of painful memories through my heart. I could picture the same expression, almost to the muscle, on Anakin, when he...
  6. . One such Jedi, and his apprentice, has infiltrated one of these rebel planets. TATOOINE is a place of deserts, but it is also a place of deep history, where many battles have been fought. These Jedi have located an artifact from one of these battles, a SITH HOLOCRON holding...
  7. Do not underestimate Darth Misdemeanor young padawan,'' the Jedi Master warned, I have seen first hand, his evil deeds enacted.'' But Master --!'' Young padawan, you do not understand the allure of the dark side ; greater Knights than myself have fallen victim to such carelessness. My first meeting with...
  8. Lord Karnrak,'' reported Darth Karnrak's second in command, Admiral Yolphus Henn. The aged fleet admiral strode into the command bridge of the Ravager, Darth Karnrak's personal flagship, with a datapad in hand. I bear good news.'' Peace is a lie, there is only passion. It better be so, Admiral,'' growled...
  9. usting acts which would by their very nature force you to be openly accepted by that organization? From a very early age, my client has been groomed to do one task, to do whatever was necessary to complete his mission. That was, to kill the Dark Lord of the Sith!''...
  10. Luke was quite bothered In spite of the warnings, he up and off off-ered, On up through the sky, through the stars and beyond, To aide his friends before they were gone. To Bespin he flew like a shot from an arrow, and met with his friends though little did...
  11. s suspicion. They wound up at Ben Kenobi's residence, and Ben ushered them inside. Ben spoke. Leia, what brings you here today? Your next lesson wasn't until 2 days from now. Does your Uncle know you're here?'' Leia turned to the two droids. This is C-3PO and R2D2. Artoo here...
  12. The Clone Wars have been raging for a century. Most the Jedi died decades ago in a costly stand e.g., the Alamo, Thermopylae that saved the core systems of the Republic. Jedi were on both sides of the fight and the battlegrounds were gruesome as these skilled warriors used their...
  13. es against the code, but I was to become a Master. Master's. I don't know how to respond to this. I was expecting a much different outcome.'' I said, fidgeting anxiously. I couldn't wait to tell Padmé! Skywalker, you may go home to your wife, and tell her the good...
  14. Force sensitive eh? What does that even mean?'' Trill demanded. The Jedi looked uncomfortable, perhaps sensing the heaviness within the man. It was not uncommon for a parent to be sensitive as well, just overlooked. It means that Gula would be trained as a Jedi. He is the right age...
  15. ever, I would like to paint a different picture, one that I was only just informed of recently. After I am done, I have a feeling that not only will you find this man innocent but you will also hail him as a hero!'' The crowd in the gallery mumbled...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 48] — 237 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. It's not too late to do it! For only 250 and no commitments, we're offering access to the new version of the D-Coty Cine 3D Printer as an early bird promotion! With this special promo access, you'll see the 3D Printer version of D-Coty's new CineCAM system as soon as...
  2. If you've been following our website at all, you may have seen that we have announced a new product on Kickstarter, the C-RUS S-3-B. The first 3d printer we ever built. Our first 3d printer made a great video before it ever left the factory I've been in the 3d...
  3. I have a 3D printer with a very large heated bed. I wanted to print this: I took a 2.5 mm nozzle, 0.1 mm in diameter and 0.5 mm thick and heated it up to 90 deg C using the built in thermistor. I also measured the temperature of the...
  4. A New Way to Create Your Own Customized 3D Printed Models Founded by Dr. Kevin Lee, Maker's Row provides a unique experience for artists, designers and hobbyists alike. We offer a wide range of 3D printed parts, from simple pieces to complex, 3D printed mechanical or architectural machines. By providing...
  5. What it basically does is put small layers of plastic or whatever , they have different kinds of 3D printers on top of eachother . Your printer at home works in lines . It prints a line , moves the paper a tiny but and then prints the next line...
  6. A few months ago we learned about the first 3D printed metal part that was manufactured in a real shopthe prototype is called a 3D printed part and costs 3,000 4,000 U.S. from the folks at Stratasys. The only question iswill it survive shipping in a 3D printer? The answer...
  7. The first stage was to build a 3D-printer to print the parts. The first prototype was developed on the X-Y plane of the Prusa i3. As we are going to show you in the following section, the second project of the same project took a different approach. So now you...
  8. What is D-Tron? D-Tron is a unique, revolutionary, all-in-one, multi-component device that combines a 3D printer, a laser cutter, a router, and a liquid cooling element on a single, flexible PCB, for quick, easy and robust prototyping of flexible electronic components. When does it work? D-Tron is best at creating...
  9. I am just going to start by saying that, unlike a lot of the other answers, this does not require having a special tool or a special toolkit. All you are going to need is a 3D printer, a piece of plastic that has at least two layers. This can...
  10. LAST UPDATE: November 8th, 2015 It's been a while since the story of what happened with the original LulzBot AO-1003T3 was reported. The story was recently reported by the website The Register, but it seems that the initial story was written in the summer about a company whose company logo...
  11. Dell Inspiron 1120-2671-3501-03 A few things you'll need to know before you get started: First and foremost, this printer is specifically aimed at the DIY environment. However, if you decide to get a part made for that printer, it should still work just fine, so long as you're able to...
  12. There are some great features for the first time, or those who have tried 3D Printing before, that we believe will give you more power and opportunities when using this material. For example, after each layer the prints is heated into a specific temperature. This allows you to maintain consistency...
  13. If you're looking at the price of a 3D printer and thinking "This isn't so bad," you may want to stop reading and pull the trigger on the most advanced 3D printer on the market right now. The MakerBot Replicator and the Replicator 2 are nearly identical printers, with a...
  14. Untitled a guest Oct 19th, 2017 103 Never a guest103Never Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features! rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 10.77 KB profile layer_height 0.175 wall_thickness 0.8 retraction_enable True solid_layer_thickness 0.8 fill_density 100 nozzle_size 0.4 print_speed 60 print_temperature 200 print_temperature2 0 print_temperature3 0 print_temperature4...
  15. If you're just getting started with the hobby, you can choose to simply buy a box, or try some of the DIY tips I suggest in my book. However, a lot of times, you'll find that some of the DIY techniques aren't feasible, and you can just use what's currently...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 49] — 278 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. . Have your students created a plan for the essay, or is this topic covered as a thesisargument? Or 2. What kind of institutions are you and the author working on the essay?
  2. Sure, I can help! A thesis statement is a brief statement that sums up the main point of your paper or essay. It usually appears in the introduction and is usually just one sentence long. When writing your thesis statement, think about what argument you are trying to make with...
  3. Yes, a thesis statement is an essential part of any written assignment. It is typically a single sentence that states the main idea or argument of the essay and serves to guide the writer throughout the rest of the paper. The thesis statement should be clear and specific, and it...
  4. A good thesis statement should provide a clear outline of the main points and arguments for your paper and should be supported by the evidence and research you provide throughout the paper. It should be concise yet powerful and should clearly state the purpose and direction of your paper.
  5. Academic Writing. Selecting an Essay Topic Essay Article The selection of an Essay Topic is the first and the most defining step of writing a good essay. Quite often, assignments are given out in which the student is asked to write an essay on any topic that heshe wishes to...
  6. . Write a great thesis statement. The thesis statement is a paragraph that states your key points. 2. Now create a list of things you want to highlight in your thesis. If you cannot figure out what exactly to highlight, then highlight what you think are most important. After you...
  7. Getting Married: No Need to Rush Essay Discussion board After selecting the topic getting married I used several pre-writing strategies including brain storming and free writing to develop and refine my thesis statement. First, I carried out an intensive brainstorm where I harnessed knowledge I had regarding the theme getting...
  8. The primary difference is that a formal essay is a more detailed, multi-paragraph review of the key academic literature. The more formal the essay, the more citation-based, and the more complete. A formal essay is also called an essay with support material or an essay on background -- its a...
  9. If youre seeking the guidance and advice on how to use a persuasive essay, it would help to find a reputable academic or governmental website which would provide the guidance for the use of a persuasive paper.
  10. Try reading the essay first line over line, highlighting the important phrases. After reading the essay, tell me which phrases the author wrote out and why. If you find the phrase "college essay" on the list, add it on, try it again. I think you'll probably get the most if...
  11. Here are the three basic points to consider when writing a compare and contrast essay: -what is the big question, where are most of the comparisons questions, and what can you conclude with? -what kind of information are you supporting for your analysis, and can you conclude, or just say...
  12. Brainstorm possible topics related to the subject. 2 Research different aspects of the topic. 3 Collect references for potential resources. 4 Create an outline for the essay. 5 Develop a working thesis statement. 6 Consider potential argumentative points. 7 Generate a list of questions to explore related to the topic....
  13. Essays have a number of basic components, such as a main thesis a statement, supporting information, and conclusion also statement. The information, supporting your thesis, should provide guidance for your essay, while the conclusion should leave the reader with a sense of the main points of the essay.
  14. Understand the topic and choose a specific, arguable point of view. 2 Research the topic and, if necessary, seek expert opinions. 3 Plan and create an outline with clear arguments and counterarguments. 4 Start drafting the essay by providing an introduction with a thesis statement. 5 Provide evidence and rationales...
  15. 1. Establish criteria to compare and contrast the topics. 2. Use transitional phrases to introduce points of comparison. 3. Outline the main ideas and provide relevant details to support them.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 50] — 238 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Water is a conductor of electricity, which means it can allow electrical current to flow through it. When an electronic device is submerged in water, the water can get into the device and come into contact with the electrical components inside. This can cause a short circuit, which is when...
  2. Sure! When you connect a device, like a microcontroller, to a power source, it needs electricity to be able to do its job. The power source provides the electricity that the device needs to work. But if you connect the power source directly to ground, it's like you're making a...
  3. Electrostatic discharge ESD is a sudden flow of electricity between two charged objects. It can happen when two objects with different electrical charges come into contact with each other, or when an object becomes charged by friction or contact with another charged object. Motherboards and circuit boards contain many small...
  4. Water damage can cause a number of problems with electronic devices such as phones and laptops. When water gets inside the device, it can cause short circuits, which are electrical connections that happen unexpectedly. These short circuits can cause the device to stop working or function improperly. Water can also...
  5. First you need to plug the things youre using on a into your central, plug the things that youre using them from into your central. After that you need to turn off your lights and power at certain times. And also to take certain things and put them on. But...
  6. Liquid, especially water, can damage electronics because it can short circuit the circuitry inside the device. This happens when the water comes into contact with the electrical components and creates a direct path for the electrical current to flow. This can cause the device to malfunction or stop working altogether....
  7. Water is a conductor of electricity, which means that it can carry electrical current. When water comes into contact with an electronic device, it can cause a short circuit, which is when electricity is able to flow through an unintended path. This can cause damage to the device and make...
  8. Water is a conductor of electricity, which means that it can allow electricity to flow through it. When water touches certain electrical components in an electronic device, it can cause a short circuit. A short circuit is when electricity flows through a path that it is not supposed to, which...
  9. When you spill water or any other liquid on an electronic device, the liquid can seep into the device and come into contact with the sensitive components inside. These components are usually made of metal and are coated with a thin layer of insulation to protect them from shorting out....
  10. There 's a type of circuit called a voltage doubler or multiplier utilized for D.C. spark generation . It 's basically some capacitors , a transformer , and some diodes . It steps the voltage up to super high levels capable of generating a spark like in a taser ....
  11. Electrical Safety and Hazards of Electricity Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Main text 3. Conclusion 4. Bibliography Introduction Electrical Safety is a part of industrial safety programs aimed to protect workers and outside environment from threats and risks. The electrical safety regulation involves congressional legislation stating the need...
  12. Electronics are made up of many small parts that are sensitive to water. When water gets inside the parts, it can cause them to short circuit, which means that the electrical current flowing through them takes an unexpected path and causes the device to stop working. Even if an electronic...
  13. Your body is not a very good conductor . It 's ok , nothing special . Your clothes shoes , on the other hand , are good insulators and they can charge you up to tens of thousands of volts . Discharging 15,000V into a computer circuit designed to run...
  14. When there is a storm outside, the wind and rain can cause the power lines that bring electricity to your home to sway back and forth or to come into contact with trees or other objects. This can cause the flow of electricity to be disrupted, which can result in...
  15. Electrocution is when a person is killed or severely injured by an electric shock. When a person is electrocuted, electricity flows through their body, causing damage to their tissues and organs. This can happen if a person touches a live wire or electrical outlet, or if they come into contact...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 51] — 297 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. InsureMyEquipment.com covers you for the following owned or leased production equipment Cameras camera equipment Sound equipment Lighting equipment Grip equipment Communications equipment Portable electric equipment Editing equipment Projection equipment Office personal property similar personal property Generator Mechanical effects equipment Props, sets, and wardrobes and all similar personal property Going out...
  2. Basic auto insurance is typically an insurance service which includes a variety of additional costs such as fee, deductible, etc.
  3. . Home insurance covers the costs at which a house is damaged, and at which it is necessary to replace a house that has been damaged. Two. Home insurance covers a rent on a house that has been damaged. And, insurance on the stock of a company that owns a...
  4. Sure, I can provide you with some guidance. Home insurance is a type of property insurance that covers losses and damages to an individual's home and the items within it. The coverage provided may also include liability protection against accidents occurring in the home or on the property. Generally, the...
  5. What do you do when your house burns down? When we say "fire," we mean, actually combust! For every house fire, there is a number of different ways your family is going to be affected. You may be able to rebuild your home, but it will cost a lot of...
  6. If you have a dog or cat living with you then you can enjoy unlimited pet insurance services. If you are renting out your home or apartment you can get unlimited pet insurance services. If you have other pets with you then you can purchase additional coverage. There are different...
  7. In-house and Independent Agents Coursework In-house agents refer to agents who are employees of a given insurance company and are exclusively tied to selling insurance policies of that company only. This opposed to independent agents who sells for more than one company Cummins Venard, 2007. An auto insurance company is...
  8. You will need to purchase liability insurance to protect yourself in case someone slips and falls on your property. Liability insurance will cover any legal costs as well as medical expenses if the person is injured.
  9. There are a few reasons why someone might choose not to purchase a personal liability umbrella insurance policy:Cost: Personal liability umbrella insurance policies can be relatively expensive, especially if you have a high net worth or a lot of assets to protect. Some people may decide that the cost of...
  10. The most common types of car insurance are liability insurance, comprehensive insurance, collision insurance, personal injury protection PIP insurance, uninsured and underinsured motorist coverage, and medical payments coverage.
  11. I can help you figure that out, but it's not a simple procedure. There are lots of different forms of insurance available, and different types of coverage. There also isn't just a single "right" to get insurance, since the right to a fair amount of money would vary greatly between...
  12. It depends on what you are looking for in an insurance policy. Do you want liability coverage, collision coverage, comprehensive coverage, or some combination of the three?
  13. There are many different types of insurance policies, some of which are available at your own risk, and some of which are automatic and cover all losses, such as accident insurance, liability insurance, and property damages. If you want to learn more about insurance, Id recommend this website: https:www.eins.doh.key.cominsurance-information. Its...
  14. The best advice is to first assess your individual needs and research different types of insurance options to make sure you are getting the best coverage for your specific situation. Consider factors like the types of risks you face, your financial situation, any insurance you already have, and your long-term...
  15. Household Removal Insurance Cover Christchurch Removals recommends getting household insurance and self storage insurance cover to protect your belongings in case of damage, accident or theft. Available policies will give a range of options and it is worth noting that your current house content or business insurance policy may not...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 52] — 176 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. A new, free tool is helping organizations save time and money by streamlining their compliance process. As the US government prepares to shut down and start sending the country's veterans packing, the Department of Veterans Affairs VA needs more time to fulfill veterans' claims. And it doesn't have a lot--less...
  2. President Obama greets members of the military during a ceremony to welcome the Wounded Warrior Project's Soldier Ride to the White House on April 17. Carolyn KasterAP. A letter signed by a bipartisan group of 67 senators was sent to the White House Monday urging President Obama to take direct...
  3. The U.S. Government Accountability Office announced a review of the Veterans Choice Program. The review will look at the success of the program in improving access to the care Veterans need, as well as the impact of the policy on the federal budget and how Department of Veterans Affairs VA...
  4. A new report from the Government Accountability Office GAO says more than 2,000 former employees of the Veterans Administration lost their jobs over the last three years. The report was released a few days after President Trump signed an executive order designed to help veterans, including restoring the V.A.'s 30-day...
  5. "I want to go in front of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs. I want to do my job," a visibly shaken McCain told reporters this week. That prompted a statement from Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Fla., chairman of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs. "This is a serious problem and...
  6. The White House has issued a new policy requiring the Department of Veterans Affairs VA to open new medical facilities within 150 miles of major population centers. According to a statement by the Trump administration released Friday, the VA is "committed to making the wait list as long as it...
  7. In an interview with NPR this week, President-elect Donald Trump said he would be "shocked" if the Department of Veterans Affairs VA was able to close its entire agency within an executive order. Trump noted that he will be able to cut costs by "tremendous amounts" while allowing veterans to...
  8. The Department of Veterans Affairs could have saved millions of dollars using more effective measures such as screening blood donations, but decided against such drastic measures after the agency was criticized by a veteran's advocacy group who questioned its budget of 14 billion. The VA's Office of Inspector General concluded...
  9. VA Processes Nearly All Disability Claims Pending Over 2 Years, Moves to Complete Those Older Than 1 Year June 20, 2013, 08:00:00 AM Printable Version Need Viewer Software? Over 65,000 Claims Eliminated from the Backlog in 2 Months WASHINGTON The Department of Veterans Affairs VA announced today that as a...
  10. A senior House Republican on Wednesday rejected a proposal to end an exemption to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs's waiting for care rule for service-related injuries, putting the bill in jeopardy. Rep. Jeff Miller of Florida, chairman of the House Veteran Affairs Committee, said he doesn't think a change...
  11. The Department of Veterans Affairs is an essential entity in providing services and support to veterans who have served our country, while serving as good neighbors to all veterans. The Veterans Affairs Benefits Administration VABA provides health care, disability, and other benefits to American citizens who served in the military,...
  12. What GAO Found The costs associated with the Veterans Affairs' VA medical-center construction project in Denver have substantially increased, its schedule significantly delayed, and its scope modified. In fact, GAO reported in April 2013 that of VA's four largest medical-facility construction projects, Denver had the highest cost increasefrom 328 million...
  13. WASHINGTON The Department of Veterans Affairs has not done enough to prevent schedulers from manipulating appointment wait times, and wait-time data remains misleading and underestimates how long veterans wait for care, according to a nonpartisan watchdog report released Monday. "Ongoing scheduling problems continue to affect the reliability of wait-time data,"...
  14. The New York Times reported that the Department of Veterans Affairs VA has has been sending veteran's claims to the Department of Justice DOJ for review while it has failed to fulfill the terms of its 2011 contract for care. The contract between the VA and the DOJ is set...
  15. This story was originally published by The Hill. The Department of Veterans Affairs could be forced to cut 13 billion in spending by the end of this year, according to a Government Accountability Office report that could increase criticism of the veteran system and prompt Congress to take action. The...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 53] — 327 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. 1. Make a grocery list and stick to it - This will help you avoid buying items you don't need. 2. Buy in bulk - Buying in bulk can be cheaper per unit and help you avoid running out of certain foods. 3. Look out for sales and discounts -...
  2. Start by creating a comprehensive list of items that you need for the week. Consider your meals for the week and make sure you include all of the necessary ingredients. 2 Look for coupons or discounts on items you commonly use in grocery stores or online. 3 Compare prices of...
  3. Plan meals in advance - Create a meal plan for the week and take advantage of sales. 2 Buy in bulk - Look for sales and stock up on items you use regularly. 3 Use coupons and discounts - Look for store discounts and coupons, and use online coupon codes...
  4. . Take-out might be a good way to save money. If you prepare a meal in your microwave and use that store instead of cooking, that could save you money. 2. Then you might want to ask yourself whether there are certain types of stores where you have more luck?
  5. Im happy to help you with this! One way to save money on groceries is by thinking about the actual value of what youre eating. Instead of just the flavor, and because many people dont keep track of exactly how much they spend on their meals, the way you eat...
  6. 1. Buy in bulk. Bulk items are usually less expensive than individually packaged items and can help you save money on groceries. 2. Plan meals ahead of time. Planning meals for the week can help you purchase only what you need, reducing the risk of impulse buys. 3. Shop at...
  7. 1. Compare prices at different stores and look for specials. 2. Purchase items in bulk when possible. 3. Stick to a grocery list so you don't overspend. 4. Buy generic brands instead of name-brand products. 5. Use coupons and online promo codes. 6. Plan meals to use up food already...
  8. Make a list before you go shopping and stick to it. 2 Buy in bulk when there are deals or discounts. 3 Avoid pre-packaged foods, which can be more expensive. 4 Look for store brands, which are often cheaper than name brands. 5 Buy produce that is in season it...
  9. OK, I promised you some money saving tips. Here they are. First, try finding the spices at a health-food store. You can usually buy in bulk there, and purchase small amounts by weight. It's much more economical, and you can keep them fresh - they lose their flavor over time....
  10. For some people, the best way to go is to only buy what they actually want, at the store, in a reasonable quantity, at a reasonable price, and eat out less often. But there are some other things you could try. One way to reduce your grocery costs would be...
  11. You can store your groceries so that they last longer. That means you can get more bang for your buck when you look at the price of the groceries and the amount of space they take up when theyre in the refrigerator. One strategy would be to store your most-used...
  12. . Use our best understanding of the cost of the specific ingredients and process in cooking or baking: we know that sugar is a source of energy, that our body produces glucose at a given amount of glucose for every amount of fat and glucose, etc. We understand that cooking...
  13. 1. Try to buy in bulk when you can, because it works out to be cheaper in the long run. 2. Look for discount coupons for the products you regularly buy. 3. Buy store brands and generic products instead of the more expensive name brands. 4. Make a shopping list...
  14. - Stop buying things when theyre in season, so that the less packaging there is, the better. - Look for deals. Sometimes buying in bulk can help you on your grocery budget. - Look into other ways that you can lower your energy costs, such as turning on fewer lights,...
  15. Do you want to buy things at a store or eat out? Are you going to be adding to the price of groceries over time? I know that you have kids, and its hard for you to eat out without spending too much. Im also aware of how important it...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 54] — 1594 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Time management is about controlling your use of time. That is to say, how much time can you spend doing different tasks on the go? Thats a great question! In general, people spend time doing productive activities. That includes time spent doing creative things, trying out new ideas, doing interesting...
  2. Do you have experience with difficulty level or goal setting? If yes, how many difficulties have you had and what have you tried to reach level goals? For example, do you have experience of how difficult it is to calm yourself down while trying to control his impatience? Do you...
  3. There are many great time-saving tips, for example that you can take one week, and then put it into a month, then work a month, and then an overall time-of-one week. But you might feel overwhelmed, if you have too much time available to get to know, much more than...
  4. You might try the Pomodoro Technique. It is an hour-long task that takes very little energy, and the goal is to get your productivity improved. If you decide to buy it, youll need a little spending time each week working for an hour, but then youll want to purchase it...
  5. To increase your productivity, you want to focus on two factors: one is having a positive attitude towards your tasks, and the other is managing your time effectively. Having a positive attitude towards your tasks means actively and continually doing things that you enjoy, and actively working towards achieving goals...
  6. A simple way to start managing your time - how to plan your days and what to do when you don't have a lot of time on your hands. "What's the most important time in the day?" That's the question everyone asks when they're stressed out. The problem is we...
  7. I dont feel that time is a very interesting question, since most work can be done in fewer, more detailed, less complex tasks. But time in general is a very good example of machine science, being transformed to make it easier and faster to capture time. For example, we now...
  8. Being productive is fun. There are a lot of fields to improve your productivity. Today I am going to share some command line tips and tricks to make your life easier. TLDR My full setup includes all the stuff discussed in this article and even more. Check it out: https:github.comsobolevndotfiles...
  9. Lets talk about time management basics. Its important to remember that time is a limited resource, and that certain amount of time is needed for each task and goal. In addition, you need to keep track of how much time youre working in order to stay on task. Time is...
  10. One of the best tips I can offer for better managing your workload is to prioritize your tasks. Make a list of your tasks and assign them each a priority. Begin by tackling the highest priority tasks first and work your way down the list. This will ensure that you're...
  11. Lets find those first. Your productivity is based on your spending habits. Are you spending money you dont want to spend? Are you taking time off of work to focus on something else? Are you doing chores that are hard to complete? What other things are making you slow?
  12. . - Technology help you to get more things done. - - It can help you focus. - - It can help you concentrate. - Technology can be helpful in the moment. - It can help you stay focused. - It can help you get into the moment. - It...
  13. . Start with goals, such as things you want to accomplish in time. How many goals are you working on now? Maybe you could try one thing, then take a little while off, and go back to your original goal. 2. Get into the mindset of constantly moving forward, even...
  14. . Try your best to remember what tasks you need to get done. Remember what your goals are. Remember what tasks are in the list to get done, and how theyre linked to each other. Practice, practice, practice working with others on a shared list. 2. Get working on tasks...
  15. If you want to decorate your home office more quickly, its important to focus on productivity. First, lets define what we mean by productivity. This can be as simple as completing more useful and interesting projects each day. If thats not true, then were just spending time on things that...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 55] — 790 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I didn't start with this product so I don't know what the others are like. But this is how I bought mine. I have a lot of hair. I started using this product about 2 years ago but did not notice results until last fall. This year I really noticed...
  2. You should use your fingers or a makeup sponge to press down into the center of each eye, and then use some rubbing motion to spread the mascara into a triangle. If you do use a skin care cream or oil like this, you should also be careful not to...
  3. The first time I used this mascara, I didn't realize I was having my lashes curled or lengthened. I was thrilled. Now, when I've put it on a few times, I'm not so sure whether I love it or if I hate it. I'm not a fan, but I realize...
  4. 1. Get it right! Don't let your eye shape influence the look. If you don't have an ideal eye for mascara, you may end up looking like you've got lashes on the tip of your nose. 2. Apply too much for the right length Too many thin coats can make...
  5. For years I have had two issues with a given brand of makeup. They are not in any way related, but they both come up and keep coming back. Both are about how I just can't look at the brand without feeling the wrath of the brand. I would love...
  6. Lip balm is essentially just a type of very fine powder. It contains pigments and oils, and is put into the mouth. The right amount of lip powder can be useful, and is meant to have lip-proof effects, but is also meant to taste good. Lip balm can be made...
  7. Gently wiggle the wand from base of lashes to tip. Repeat across your lashline, making sure to catch every lash. Beauty tip: For super curl AND length, apply Roller Lash first to curl  lift your lashes then layer They're Real! Lengthening Mascara on top. It's sexy drama beyond belief!
  8. Sweep blush onto cheek bones in a upward motion then downward to blend. If using a highlighter, apply in a sweeping upward motion above the cheek bone. Beauty Tips: Secret of blush! Pink Blush on apples of cheeks. Peach tones to sculpt; apply along cheek bones. Plum blush for deeper...
  9. What it is: A multi-use, lightweight, liquid foundation that combines both weight and coverage that delivers the look of real skin for up to 12 hours of wear. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: It's free of fragrance, oil,...
  10. 3 x .16 oz lip balms in Cocoa, Rosemary Eucalyptus, and Grapefruit Clove Experience year-round moisture for your lips without any added chemicals or sweeteners. These healing balms glide on smooth and won't leave behind any sticky, waxy residue. Prepare to be smooched! Packaged in recycled plastic tubes with biodegradable...
  11. Just before Thanksgiving, I made a big life decision: I quit wearing makeup. To be precise, I became a freelance, work-from-home writer, and with that came no more need for makeup. I didn't necessarily want to part with my beauty arsenal: I'm a cosmetics junkie, raised by a grandmother who...
  12. The new year is upon us, and to celebrate our first new year anniversary, I've picked out some of my favorite products that I think deserve consideration from you. This year's top products are based on product recommendations from people who use these products regularly. The products are listed below...
  13. What it is A highly-reflective and durable, double-layered, water-resistant, waterproof eyeliner. What it does For an instant boost of energy and confidence this waterproof eyeliner boasts a striking, high-reflective layer on top for an additional layer of coverage. What it is formulated WITHOUT - Parabens What else you need to...
  14. What it is: A fast, multi-layered, matte, creamy eyeshadow for an instantly-appealing look. What it does: With its unique formula and luxurious silky ingredients, this long-wearing, cream-to-powder eye pencil is the ultimate in wear. Every stroke is smooth and subtle, making it ideal for all skin tones. What else you...
  15. Kett Hydro Foundation was produced in a lab, tested in the studio in front of High-Definition and digital cameras, Hydro Foundation is one product with infinite possibilities. Whether airbrushing or applying traditionally, this innovative formula will look flawless and natural. The choice is yours. Mix Hydro with your favorite moisturizer...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 56] — 273 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. B-b-but Mark, all my cards are horrific. I don't want to play any more'' He stammered, his knuckles were white and his hands were visibly shaking'' We have to Jack, we have to finish the game!'' Mark slammed his fist on the table. None of us knew what we were...
  2. on, like putting a check-mark on his clipboard. Go on. Well, I d bluffed my way into the game saying I was the Supreme Ruler of Earth. I wasn t going to get into the Tylaxian Open Deck games as a nobody. So I kept up the act. I bet...
  3. Anything for an advantage. Victory is all the matters. I, Conquest the Undefeated, have never lost a game of poker. And I will not be starting today. Famine puts down the small blind, bony hands stretching out over the table. His stack is down to almost nothing, but the weirdo...
  4. ed for a moment. Two of clubs? So it was the Miniature Opening. or maybe it was the Face Gambit? She certainly wouldn't try the Queen's Sacrifice at the world finals would she? Well, no use thinking too hard about it. He drew two more cards from the deck on...
  5. I'm sitting here watching the clock, it reads 12:01AM. .'' I'm confused, this had never happened before, he's always on Tim- Oi, asshole, I'm here'' I don't even know why I worry for him, I mean, what could kill or injure death? You know, I enjoy this.'' Oh course you...
  6. illem had a better hand. With a scowl he watched the dealer throw out what he knew would be his final hand, and that's when he saw it. The son of a bitch. Avery shifted in his seat and eased the small pistol out of his left boot and pressed...
  7. Cards against humanity. The unbeatable combination. Surely he had won this time. He just had to keep his nerve. The moment they knew of his hand, all the bets would be off. So Lando,'' he smirked, I see you've got a new ship there.'' Lando Calrissian was notorious at cards....
  8. were all glued to the game. A bit like your regular game of poker, but with a little pirate flair. First rule, you'll be shot if you're caught cheating.'' He nodded to the pistols hanging off the belts of every player at the table. I also noticed that a number...
  9. I guess I'll be the banker today,'' I said, as I dealt out the cards. . 4, 4, 4, 5, 5, 5! Okay, let's start.'' Quickly, I gathered my hand and put it close to me. Dang, I thought. A High Card'', worse of its kind. Controlling my facial expressions,...
  10. king it bleed again on purpose, I think. C played with the deck of cards, and I squashed a spider and flicked it away. When we picked up our game again, things started to go sideways. W started to have a bad run of luck, and before long was down...
  11. s knuckles. So, what're we playing then? Gin? Whist? Go fish?'' A muffled sound came from under the table Thumber, thunger, thunderbat huuooo'' A briught red light suddenly filled the room and Archer screamed in pain. No fair, fight like a man, or half cat or whatever.'' Slowly the two...
  12. uld control in their life would either be : rock, paper, or scissors. And as such, I m bored. Terribly bored. If only this position be given to someone who aspired for anything truly good. Yet, it was given to such a person with so much indifference, a person who...
  13. L enfer, c est autres, Lecter quietly mused. He looked up from his pair of sevens to the flop a seven, ten, and a jack, then up to his host, a look of severe ennui stretched across his face accentuated by the liberal application of cosmetics. Or was that his...
  14. Blind nil.'' The Venusians stopped, aghast at the concept. Sure, it's 200 points, and could catapult the humans within striking distance, but the odds are long. If she had one wrong card - an extra king, no low hearts - they were fucked. 3.'' Mar! 3s said, thinking to itself...
  15. I tap for 2 red mana.'' I say the words, but my mind isn't following along with my mouth. My hands are visibly shaking. 2 cards in hand and I'm stuck with shit. I laugh to myself but the emotion isn't there. It comes out dry and hoarse. Who would...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 57] — 326 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. You can help the environment by reducing your carbon footprint, taking public transportation or walking instead of driving, recycling, composting, supporting eco-friendly businesses and conserving energy by turning off lightsappliances when not in use.
  2. A good way to apply green living practices to your daily life is to reduce your carbon footprint by using energy-saving appliances and lighting, reducing your water consumption, using renewable energy when possible, recycling, composting, and limiting your waste production. Additionally, whenever possible, opt for natural and organic products and...
  3. Would it help you if I gave some examples of ways you could reduce your environmental footprint?
  4. If you're referring to reducing waste in the context of climate change, what you could do is use fewer items. Ill try to help you do that, but also I want to try to explain the differences between eco-friendly and sustainable choices to you for any additional insight.
  5. One way to reduce your environmental impact is to reduce your energy consumption. Try investing in energy-efficient appliances and using less electricity and gas. Additionally, reducing your transportation emissions can be a great way to reduce your environmental impact. Try carpooling, using public transportation, or switching to an electric vehicle....
  6. 1. Choose more sustainable forms of transportation, such as walking, biking, or using public transport instead of driving a car. 2. Reduce your energy use by turning off lights and other appliances when not in use. 3. Buy energy-efficient appliances to reduce energy costs and carbon emissions. 4. Choose green...
  7. As we're looking for ways to reduce your personal impact on climate change and achieve a more sustainable, sustainable world, it helps me to think of some of the most common and everyday items I use that use a little bit of energy. Many of them require a little bit...
  8. One way to be more environmentally conscious in your day to day life is to reduce the amount of waste you produce. This can be done through recycling, composting, and avoiding single-use plastics. Additionally, you can cut down on your energy consumption by turning off appliances and lights when theyre...
  9. "Going green" is a term used to describe the practice of incorporating environmental-friendly actions into one's lifestyle or business operations. It typically involves implementing or advocating practices that support sustainability and reduce the negative impacts of human activities on the environment. This can range from reducing electricity and water use,...
  10. One way to reduce your environmental impact is to reduce your energy consumption. You can do this by using energy efficient appliances, taking shorter showers, using LED light bulbs, turning off lights when youre not using them, and unplugging electronics when theyre not in use. Another way to reduce your...
  11. There are many ways to reduce your carbon footprint. You could switch to lower-carbon foods like eggs, whole grains, beans, nuts, and vegetables. You could also be more active and reduce your use of water and electricity. The most important step, though, is to avoid buying or using too much...
  12. The most effective way to reduce your impact on the environment is to be careful and choose things that are environmentally friendly, be aware of ways you can make a positive impact, and avoid being a carbon footprint or carbon neutral, you also need to reduce your impact at each...
  13. The first step in reducing your carbon emissions is recognizing what you eat. Its a good idea to track how much you eat at each meal, rather than eating a large bowl of food and then going for a walk afterward.
  14. . Consider the impact your actions have on other peoples health. Reducing air-borne particulate matter is a good way to support human health. If youre able to, you should also consider the positive impact of your decisions. For example, consider if you choose to eat a certain food every day....
  15. There are many ways to reduce your footprint, such as reducing energy use, recycling, and reusing items instead of throwing them away. You could also choose a lower overall consumption of plastic and paper, by eating out less often and choosing products that are packaged in recycled materials, or by...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 58] — 434 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. One way to increase your homes energy efficiency is to make sure it is well insulated. Additionally, replacing windows and adding weatherstripping or caulking around windows and doors can help to reduce energy loss. Additionally, you can consider switching to LED lighting throughout your home, as it uses significantly less...
  2. One way to save energy in your home is to switch to energy-efficient appliances and lightbulbs. Also, try to unplug appliances when not in use and regulate your thermostat - turning up the temperature in summer and down in winter. Finally, make sure your windows and doors are sealed properly...
  3. Im happy to help, but I think you should talk about energy conservation in general, not what specifically relates to heating or cooling. I can offer a few options: -Use a programmable thermostat. -Use a power-starved heater or air-fresheer. -Dont use as much heating and cooling fuel as possible. -Use...
  4. Have you tried turning on a deodorizer? That can help you stay cool and also help you use less energy. If that doesnt work for you, there are lots of things you can do, like buy a plug-in deodorizer. Or you can try walking into the kitchen and doing some...
  5. There are many ways you can reduce your energy costs. For example, you might install a device called a water heater in your house, to heat water at a lower temperature than home-made water heaters, which can save you money. Also, you could install more insulation in your walls, and...
  6. You can use several products and services to make your home more energy efficient. Some examples include installing efficient windows, upgrading your HVAC system,insulating the attic and walls, using LED lighting, installing smart thermostats, and using solar panels. Additionally, you can look into participating in a home energy efficiency audit...
  7. One way to make your living room more energy efficient is to upgrade your lighting. Replace higher wattage or incandescent light bulbs with LED or CFL bulbs, which use less energy and last longer. You can also add window treatments such as blinds or curtains to increase energy efficiency by...
  8. The appliances that typically use the most energy are refrigerators, freezers, clothes washers and dryers, dishwashers, and air conditioners.
  9. One way to make your backyard more energy efficient is to install solar panels on your roof or invest in a solar powered outdoor lighting system. You can also plant trees and other vegetation that can provide shade for your backyard and lower the overall temperature of your outdoor space....
  10. Well, I understand that the amount of energy you use for heating in any given time period is constrained by the amount of space youre willing to use. In other words, youd need to find a way to heat your house thats energy efficient in some sense. We can say...
  11. Did you know that it takes energy and time to heat your home? Its more energy efficient to heat you home, than to heat a motel or other long-term resort? I suggest thinking about energy-efficient homes, and also how much time it takes on average to heat the home.
  12. Using energy efficient lighting is a great way to start making your home more energy efficient. Switching to LED lightbulbs, which use significantly less energy than traditional incandescent bulbs, is an easy and affordable way to reduce your home's energy consumption. Other lighting options such as solar or motion sensor...
  13. One way to make sure your house is energy efficient is to seal any air leaks. Check around windows and doors for drafts or gaps where warm or cooled air can escape. Installing weather stripping or caulking can help to reduce these gaps. 2 Additionally, you should consider installing more...
  14. One way to conserve energy in your home is to switch off all electrical appliances when not in use, unplugging them whenever possible. Ensure that your heating and cooling systems are well-maintained and use energy-efficient light bulbs. Consider installing solar panels or other renewable energy sources. Finally, you can make...
  15. I suggest making the following changes: -Use efficient energy -Plan room into a storage space -Energize your household, for example by doing a lot of work to add the walls together, and then using energy throughout the year. -Add in a room, whether at home or in some other space:...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 59] — 5891 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. NATURAL AREA RUGS - Buy Discount Rugs Buy Natural Fiber Area Rugs When you're looking for high quality natural fiber rugs at an affordable price, Natural Area Rugs NAR has what you need. With more than 40 years of experience, we are a global leader in importing, manufacturing, and selling...
  2. BEST ANSWER: "The key is to choose the right product for the job. Most of those products have been tested and found to work well, and with the proper care, longevity can be a factor." The material used with a soft nylon fabric can be changed at any point, once...
  3. Upholstery typically consists of various types of fabric and padding, which can be reupholstered using different techniques. First, on fabric surfaces that do not contain much padding, like furniture, it can be reupholstered using vertical stitching and stitching and sew-till techniques, but theres a great deal of stress put into...
  4. Beaded jewelry is made by melting small beads on a piece of jewelry, then forming them into a necklace, bracelet, or piece of jewelry. This can either be done by hand or using an electric or manual machine. For handmade jewelry, you will need special tools to make and polish...
  5. After I first made my foray into the world of DIY and other DIY projects, I knew I wanted to take a second shot at a DIY shower curtain which would cost practically nothing. I found some very inexpensive options, but there was still a lot of work to do...
  6. You don't need any special skills or equipment to build this awesome and stylish tablecloth, there are plenty of online resources you can visit to assist you. In a word, easy. It requires about one dozen sheets of heavy canvas, but is more than worth while for a table where...
  7. Electric Shoe Shine Polishers Buffers - Beck Shoe Polisher Electric Shoe Shine Polishers Buffers. The same high quality models seen in luxury hotel rooms and executive offices. Highest rated in the industry, a real symbol of excellence. What makes these units the best? do not be fooled by similar looking...
  8. To make a comforter, you'd have to put together a fabric and then sew it. To make a comforter, you'd also have to buy some supplies, like a needle and some thread, and some sort of special machine to help you with the details. Once you've made your comforter, you...
  9. Woven fabric is made by putting a weave within a fabric, and then pulling it down to weave over itself. It is basically a cloth band that is woven into itself, whereas the modern-day fabric that is knit is made by knitting a fabric with a central control, and pulling...
  10. The main differences between real and fake leather is that real leather is made from animal skin while fake leather is a synthetic material made to look and feel like leather but is often made of a combination of plastic, rubber andor polyurethane. Real leather is much more durable and...
  11. Table and tablecloth are made of different materials, so there are two popular choices. Tablecloth is made from a thick fabric woven into a square or rectangle shape. The other popular choice is made from a light-woven fabric woven into a longer shape. Different tablecloth varieties are made from the...
  12. To reupholster a chair, you will need a few basic supplies, including scissors or a utility knife, upholstery fabric, staples and a staple gun, a measuring tape, and a screwdriver. First, remove the existing fabric from the chair, being careful not to damage the chairs frame. Measure the chair so...
  13. . Measure and draw the dimensions, as shown in the upper left corner: 2. Cut two wooden, rectangular sheets 10 inches in diameter and two inches in length, for the mattress. Sew the edges together: 3. Glue two wooden fragments together, with some decorative stapler-pasted-on top picture: 4. Cut two...
  14. Does linen wrinkle? God yes. But that is part of the elegance of it. It is somewhat akin to the ferry or short plane ride over to the Promised Land. But keep in mind, god also gave us the flax plant with the hopes of us humans making a cool...
  15. Depending on the style of chair and the decor of the room you plan to place it in, there are a variety of fabrics you can choose from. If you're looking for something durable and easy to clean, a heavy-weight woven fabric like cotton duck is a great option. If...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 60] — 592 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Water can evaporate even when it's not at its boiling point because evaporation is the process by which a liquid turns into a gas, and it can happen when the molecules of the liquid have enough energy to break their bonds and escape into the air. This can happen even...
  2. Water evaporates when it reaches its boiling point, which is 100 degrees Celsius 212 degrees Fahrenheit at sea level. When water evaporates, it turns from a liquid into a gas, which is called steam. The steam can then rise into the air and leave the wet towel behind. Evaporation is...
  3. It 's called super cooling . Water can be under 0 yet not freeze , because it has no point to start off from . But when you hit it , it starts a reaction freezing a tiny part and suddenly the rest of the water have something to freeze...
  4. The dot means that the compound is a hydrate of the parent chemical; the parent compound forms a weakly-bonded structure with one or more water molecules per parent molecule, because either the hydrogen atoms of the water, or the partial positively-charged region of the water molecule caused by its "bent"...
  5. Sure! When water boils in a vacuum chamber, it's actually boiling at a lower temperature than it would in normal atmospheric pressure. This is because the pressure inside the vacuum chamber is lower than the atmospheric pressure outside of it.Normally, when water boils, the steam that is produced rises up...
  6. Water sets off an exothermic reaction , which in normal speak , is a chemical reaction that creates heat , along with other biproducts . Plenty of substances do this , Calcium oxide and water for example , or a more spectacular examples could include Caesium and water , where...
  7. Wind Chill So you've heard of wind chill or 'feels like' on the BBC weather forecast, but do you know what it is? I suppose that the name is a dead give-away, although you'd be surprised that there are a few methods of actually calculating it. Convection In Practice Questions...
  8. The Mpemba effect, named after Tanzanian student Erasto Mpemba , is the assertion that warmer water can freeze faster than colder water.
  9. Short answer : Because water is a better conductor of heat than air is . So heat travels from your body to water much more quickly than heat travels from your body to air , and you feel colder as a result .
  10. A drop of water sits atop eggbeater-shaped hairs on a Salvinia molesta leaf. Credit: Image courtesy of Ohio State University. A floating weed that clogs waterways around the world has at least one redeeming feature: It's inspired a high-tech waterproof coating intended for boats and submarines. The Brazilian fern Salvinia...
  11. If you want to explain a process that starts with a water-logger, you can just explain Water. A water is like a liquid, it is all solid and the boundaries between liquid and non-watered areas. It is also a very easy to describe as a liquid, since you can just...
  12. Ice vi substructure Ice-six Ice VI Ice-six ice VI is formed from liquid water at 1.1 GPa by lowering its temperature to 270 K see Phase Diagram. Its unit cell, which forms tetragonal crystals P4 2 nmc, 137; Laue class symmetry 4mmm is analogous to edingtonite silica. In the crystal,...
  13. So you know how you can eat apples as food , but you ca n't eat plastic ? Sort of the same thing . Your body needs to make some chemical reactions with your food to release the energy in it , but it only knows how to get energy...
  14. Melting ice  snow actually takes a LOT of energy . It takes 144 BTU to melt a pound of ice . A gallon of gas would only melt an volume of snow 4 feet by 10 feet , 2 feet deep . It 's just not efficient .
  15. The temperature at which water is not anymore pure enough to be easily made into ice is called the waters or fluoride content! It has something to with the amount of dissolved water in the ocean, how great of a role it has in the weather and storms, and with...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 61] — 464 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The European Commission is facing claims there has been no "regulatory cover" for glyphosate, a key ingredient in the world's most popular herbicide. The latest research, carried out by European scientists, found a total loss of the pesticide's activity over a period of eight years, meaning the EU's controversial GM...
  2. Abstract Genetically engineered plants and animals have become and will continue to constitute a large part of the food we consume. The United States is the world's largest producer of genetically modified foods, making American consumers the most exposed population to these products. Agricultural biotechnology patents spur and support innovation....
  3. Glyphosate Resistant Corn And Cotton Have Now Contaminated More Than 100 Million Acres Of US Land Photo Credit: Shutterstock.comLars Hedegaard In June, the Center for Food Safety and the US Center for Disease Control and Prevention said glyphosate, the most widely used herbicide in the US, was "probably carcinogenic to...
  4. The first rule of any good science is that you must never lie to your kids. If you have children, you are going to learn some very unpleasant facts very early on in their lives - facts that you will likely come to regret. I'm not going to get into...
  5. The first ever public meeting on genetically modified animals and crops took place Saturday in London, England. At the conclusion of the two-day event, a report will be produced to determine the future of genetic modification research in the U.K. Members of parliament and animal welfare, health and development AWD...
  6. There is a huge amount of fear about the effects of GMOs on human health, animals, crops and the environment. There is also a big industry for convincing people that GMOs are safe, especially by telling the public that GM plants and animals are the same as regular animals. Here...
  7. From beer to wine to breakfast food, the pesticide glyphosate is showing up in a lot of places that consumers don't expect to find it. The chemical, a key ingredient in Monsanto's Roundup weed killer, was declared a "probable carcinogen" by the World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on...
  8. Monsanto and its corporate partners have a long list of customers for herbicide Roundup glyphosate and its herbicide applications including Monsanto's flagship seed product Roundup Ready 2 Yield. The glyphosate product formulation and the weed control applications rely on genetically mutated herbicide-resistant crops that are dependent on glyphosate in order...
  9. Damon Smith, Extension Field Crops Pathologist, Department of Plant Pathology, University of Wisconsin-Madison The 2017 fungicide efficacy tables are now posted for foliar diseases of corn, soybeans, and small grains. New this year is an added efficacy table for fungicides effective against seedling diseases of soybean. You can access these...
  10. Latest News As mounting evidence shows genetically modified foods have dangerous health and environmental repercussions, the number of scientists willing to step forward and speak out against them is similarly growing. Dr. Thierry Vrain is just the latest of many scientists to buck Monsanto and their hired goons, changing his...
  11. Image by Lili K.Corbis If you're like most of us, you probably haven't spent a lot of time thinking about what's in your tampons. But, as Dr. Maggie Ney, the co-director of the Women's Clinic at the Akasha Center in Santa Monica explains, it's not quite that simple. Because the...
  12. The United State is in need of the first-ever scientific validation project to prove the safety of GM foods, according to a new report from the Institute for Responsible Technology, a national nonprofit dedicated to protecting food from corruption. The report was authored by the group's board Chair and former...
  13. In a move that could have far larger implications for a world without nuclear energy, a committee of the United Nations' World Health Organization WHO approved a draft resolution this Friday that would recommend that all food products be genetically engineered GMO free. "Gene editing tools are beginning to improve...
  14. ven in length, going on for acres. Just beyond the end of the fields were four large steel buildings where the road ended. Each was long and tall, with a solid metal roof and no windows. The lankey farmer leaned in, a straw hat on his head, a fresh husk...
  15. Image caption China's Ministry of Agriculture has begun a publicity campaign in support of GM foods China has rejected 545,000 tons of imported US corn found to contain an unapproved genetically modified strain. An unapproved strain called MIR162 was found in 12 batches of corn, China's product safety agency said....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 62] — 2095 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I have identified various excellent strategies which use a variety of resources to achieve various aspects of stress relief. Here are some notable examples: - Mindfulness meditation - which focuses on a person's mindful awareness of their states, thereby preventing negative emotional states, feelings of anxiety and anger. - Walking...
  2. You might want to use a simple technique called the y or y method. Its a little pyramid. When someone is trying to calm themselves down, they can place the first of the yes on the ground, and hit it with a hammer. This might give them some feeling of...
  3. Start with mindfulness. A number of people find that mindfulness is helpful in dealing with stress. It involves sitting quietly in your own mind with no hands, no arms, and no goals, and just breathing deeply. If you find that mindfulness is really helpful, there are lots of ways to...
  4. . Can you give me a specific example of meditation thats relevant to stress? 2. What would your feelings be if you were to meditate in a time when there was a strike? 3. What could you imagine as a result of a strike?
  5. . Take slow, deep breaths when you feel stressed. They can count for ten a few minutes. Try and enjoy those breaths. 2. Visualize your stress for a few minutes, and think about a place thats calm and comfortable. Maybe meditate for those few minutes. If thats not an option,...
  6. I can learn some ways to relax, such as yoga, mindfulness, or mindful meditation. 2 If Im trying to relax, I can imagine that Im moving around a central circle, such as a circle, which brings me peace. 3 If Im feeling stressed, I can think about what makes me...
  7. . For managing stress, it's important to find a good, trusted approach to relax with. This means that it's a good idea to try various relaxation techniques for a period of time. For example, deep breathing or relaxation exercises, such as breathing or exercising the breathing method, are a big...
  8. You might find that a little mindfulness can help you with stress. And in fact, its really helpful for people who are trying to achieve goals. I guess the main thing that people in crisis situations need is to focus on something small, easy, and manageable. The mindfulness gives you...
  9. There are many strategies you can use to relieve stress, to help you cope with feelings of anxiety, grief, and so on. Here are a few tips: I have one minute of peace. I have a minute of peace. How can I feel calm when Im feeling stressed? I can...
  10. Well, for milder forms of stress, Id recommend finding a set of breathing exercises that use basic body postures. For instance, a line may be drawn from the edge of a wall, or the hands in front, and then length-folded into a straight line, or lift up and put it...
  11. The best meditation techniques for reducing stress include mindfulness meditation, guided imagery, progressive muscle relaxation, and breathwork. Mindfulness meditation involves focusing on the present moment, being aware of your thoughts and feelings, and letting go of judgment. Guided imagery involves imagining a peaceful place or experience to help reduce stress....
  12. Mindfulness can be used to help manage stress by allowing yourself to take a few moments each day to focus on your breathing, observe how you are feeling, and be aware of your thoughts and emotions. Taking this time to pause and practice being mindful can help to reduce stress,...
  13. Do some research into mindfulness, which is the practice of really and fully aware of your own state. There are two potential benefits to that: First, it could help you understand your emotions and sort out issues that arent currently causing stress, and also it could help you understand your...
  14. One way to reduce stress and feel more relaxed is to take time to practice deep breathing and mindfulness techniques. Deep breaths help to slow down the heart rate and bring your mind into a more relaxed state. Mindfulness techniques such as meditation and visualizations can also be helpful in...
  15. One way to lower your stress levels without medication is to practice mindful breathing. Taking a few slow and deep breaths can help to lower your stress levels in the moment. Another way to lower stress levels is to try engaging in activities that can help to distract from the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 63] — 500 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I love doing a lot of yoga. It's good for you, good for the body, and good for the soul. I think the more you do yoga, the better you get at it. But I'm not sure I'll ever stop doing yoga. When I do, however, I don't mind doing...
  2. In my knowledge, there is a large number of promising studies on the various aspects of yoga. The closest I could find is this paper on how yoga can affect social intelligence, but the general consensus is that yoga is generally a good thing. Do you have any specific questions...
  3. In general, when we talk about yoga, we mean all kinds of physical activities like postures and various forms of standing and sitting, as well as spiritual practice. So when we talk about different types of yoga, we mean various types of physical activities like postures, balance, poses, lying down,...
  4. Do you know how to do any of the various forms of yoga, such as poses, breath control, balancing, etc?
  5. Some people think that yoga can improve their physical health, although there isnt widespread consensus. There is also a lot of information on the subject online. What are some things to consider when looking into yoga?
  6. The best kind of yoga for a beginner is a gentle yoga class. This type of class focuses on basic poses, mindful breathing and relaxation techniques, making it ideal for those starting out with yoga.
  7. The best type of yoga for stretching is Hatha yoga. It is a form of gentle yoga that focuses on slow, gentle movements and holds poses for longer periods of time. This type of yoga allows for increased flexibility in the body and improved breath work. It is ideal for...
  8. To practice yoga for personal development, physically and mentally, it is important to focus on breath work deep, diaphragmatic breaths and postures that improve your strength, flexibility, and balance. Additionally, incorporating mindfulness and mediation into your practice can help to create a clearer, more alert mental state. Finally, when practicing...
  9. . Yoga. 2. Pilot. 3. Badi baja. 4. Ruttedi. 5. Yoga pose. 6. Kashi. 7. Chi-si-chi.
  10. . You should know about the fact that many of the benefits of yoga are not about a physical stretch, but are about a certain posture. 2. It is easy to do in yoga and to practice it as many as possible, even when we have to work or school....
  11. No, no. I think the top three for doing yoga are: -Dispose -And -Forget-And-Git
  12. I guess the main thing here is that there are many different types of yoga, which can be useful for different types of physical or mental health. Its possible to focus on one particular kind of yoga, if youd like to, but more generally many types of yoga are helpful...
  13. Yoga with Adriene "Yoga for Beginners" 2 Grokker Yoga Fundamentals 3 DOYOUYOGA "Yoga for Stress Relief" 4 Shapeshifter Yoga for Strength  Mobility 5 Gaia "Yoga for Weight Loss" 6 YogaTX "Yoga to Get Energized" 7 Yoga Download "Restorative Yoga Basics" 8 BeYoga "Slow Flowing Yoga"
  14. You are likely familiar with the social aspect of the issue, which is a lot of benefits. Im not an expert at yoga, though. But there are many. In general, yoga involves a number of basic poses, which are a lot of different things that we hold and move. The...
  15. The best type of yoga for a beginner is Hatha yoga. Hatha yoga is a gentle form of yoga that focuses on breathing and gentle movement to improve flexibility and reduce stress. It is a great way for beginners to ease into a yoga practice, as the poses and postures...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 64] — 275 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. One option is to get rid of cockroaches from your home is to use traps and bait. These can be baited with food or other insect attractants, depending on the type of cockroach infestation in your home. You may also be able to use insecticides. If you decide to use...
  2. The best way to get rid of moths in your home is to identify the source and use the appropriate pest management techniques. You can start by examining any food sources the moths may be attracted to, such as grains, cereals, spices, and pet food, and discarding any infested items....
  3. First, you go for a pest control specialist. They will shoot several darts at the housefly, and then offer you the money for cleaning it up. If youre in the area, that is a great place to visit! If youre interested in house safety, you should consider one of the...
  4. The best way to get rid of a wasp nest is to contact a professional pest control service. They have the experience and the right tools to safely and effectively remove the wasp nest. If the wasp nest is small and accessible, you may be able to use an insecticidal...
  5. . Clean up any spots where you think the gnats might be. 2. Seal off access points, such as crawl spaces, with plastic sheeting, so that the gnats wont be able to get in. 3. Watch for the appearance of piles of crayons in your garbage cans, and put them...
  6. The best way to prevent termites is to keep your home and yard free of debris, such as wood pile, and inspect the home regularly for any signs of infestation. Additionally, it may be beneficial to seal any cracks or crevices in your homes exterior, use a chemical barrier and...
  7. In general, you should remove a wasp nest by calling the pest control company, who might find it by looking up the nest on a local website. If thats not possible, you can also try to find a good, reliable place to spray poison bait. Finally, in some cases, youd...
  8. One way to get rid of moths in the kitchen is to take preventative measures, such as keeping food sealed, crumbs cleared away, and any food spills or smears wiped up immediately. Place cedar blocks, or cedar chips or cedar oil around vulnerable areas, or hang fresh herbs like rosemary,...
  9. The best way to get rid of a wasp nest is to contact a professional pest control company. Professionals can safely remove the nest and prevent the wasps from returning. If the nest is in a hard to reach area, you may also consider using a wasp spray designed to...
  10. The best way to get rid of pests around your house is to keep your home clean and tidy. Make sure to vacuum and dust regularly, and do an extra deep cleaning in tight corners and crevices where pests like to live. Use window screens to keep pests from flying...
  11. The best way to get rid of a wasp nest is to use an insecticide spray specifically designed to kill wasps. It is important to take appropriate safety precautions when using insecticide to ensure that the wasps are properly killed and the nest is completely removed.
  12. If you suspect that you have an ant infestation in your home, the best thing to do is to contact a pest control professional. They will be able to determine the best course of action for eradicating the ant infestation and preventing further infestations. Depending on the level of infestation,...
  13. The best way to get rid of termites is to contact a professional exterminator. They will be able to identify the type of termites present in your home and then develop a plan to eliminate them. In addition to killing the termites, they may also suggest preventative measures to avoid...
  14. You can look into the ant relocation programs that get rid of ants in nearby communities, but if youre specifically looking for the removal of ants in your own home, youd probably need to speak with a pest control expert. These experts, who know the
  15. The best way to get rid of gnats in the house is to reduce the sources of their food and water. Look for any standing water or moisture and repair or eliminate it. Remove any decaying organic material, such as peels, food scraps, and other decaying organic materials. Keep surfaces...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 65] — 618 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. That does look good on its own, or I guess thats one question that doesnt have to be answered?
  2. Yes, absolutely! What kind of questions do you have?
  3. Do you want me to explain the simple process instead of all the complex factors and details?
  4. That sounds pretty complex, what are your own preferences?
  5. De nada.  Hay algo más en lo que pueda ayudarte?
  6. Im sure I know a lot about it, and you know. What do you want to know about it?
  7. The usual? I don't know what is the usual. But for the time being, let's see what we can do.
  8. How excellent the question! Would you like me to offer some options?
  9. How can you help me? Why can you help me understand anything? Is there a particular thing that you want help with?
  10. This is a very interesting question. In general, how about you?
  11. That's a little more a question, a more like a practical approach.
  12. Its a great question! There are a few hurdles that you might face, and I can try to help you get past them.
  13. You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
  14. はい  私 について の 質問 に 答え られ ます  何 について 詳しく 知り たい です か?
  15. De nada. Estoy aquí para ayudar.  Hay algo más en lo que pueda ayudarte?
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 66] — 331 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The most popular brand of cigarettes in the US in 2013 was Lorillard Inc NASDAQ:LO.L. Sales were over 15.5 billion, but the value was barely 500 million. The reason for these numbers is that in 2013 the tobacco industry had a very good year, particularly in terms of both revenue...
  2. Tobacco manufacturers may soon be forced to rebrand their products with a health warning, after a Parliamentary committee warned this week that the industry is not taking the issue seriously enough. Last month, it became impossible to buy cigarettes and other tobacco products without seeing a clear picture of graphic,...
  3. Tobacco Industry Facing Difficult Times in the UAE Report Table of Contents 1. Short Summary of the Article 2. Analysis of the Content 3. The Choice of the Article 4. The Importance of the Article for Readers 5. Work Cited Short Summary of the Article The article that was chosen...
  4. The US government has "banned" a study into the use of e-cigarettes, says the director of public health at the National Institute on Drug Abuse NIDA which is funded by the drug companies the pharmaceutical companies have been wooing with lucrative new products. "It was actually banned," Dr David Sweanor...
  5. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the American Medical Association are calling for tighter limits on electronic cigarettes, saying their vapor is too addictive and contains no tobacco. The two groups are part of the International Agency for Research on Cancer's classification of e-cigarettes, which were brought into the public...
  6. The city of London was one of the first cities to adopt laws regulating e-cigarettes as a tool to cut down on smoking, according to a survey of 1,500 Londoners by the British Lung Foundation BLF The survey was taken in 2014, before e-cigarettes or any device to help users...
  7. Tobacco control is a big business across the US, which has a total legal production volume of around 8 billion annually. But its costs are astronomical: each time a pack of cigarettes is sold, a pack of cigarettes is bought that did not make it into existence. The US tobacco...
  8. The Canadian Press OTTAWA -- Canadians looking to make the switch to vaping should read the fine print. A newly released study by the Canadian Institute of Health Information says vaping is more than just using the device to convert liquid to smoke -- a practice that is generally banned...
  9. LONDON One of the world's biggest tobacco companies and one of its major rivals, Reynolds American, plans to launch a new advertising campaign with messages that call its rival, Philip Morris International, responsible for tobacco-related deaths. Reynolds has not been accused of any involvement with tobacco companies. The company said...
  10. As the New York Times reports, the US government will begin a study in February to see what's been called a "dramatic shift" from tobacco to electronic cigarettes as well as the research is needed to better understand the impact. The US Department of Health and Human Services HHS will...
  11. Real Quotes from Tobacco Companies What tobacco companies say about you! In their own words: "We don't smoke that s_ _ _. We just sell it. We reserve the right to smoke for the young, the poor, the black and stupid." R.J. Reynolds executive's reply when asked why he didn't...
  12. The tobacco industry, once a lobbying juggernaut, has watched its political influence wane as its cancer-causing products became increasingly toxic, politically speaking. Contributions to federal candidates and political committees from the tobacco industry, which includes makers of cigarettes,electronic cigarettes, cigars and smokeless tobacco, as well as their trade groups, have...
  13. The most popular type of high pressure smokeless tobacco among children is waterless bidis. However, they are only one of many tobacco products available to children. The popularity of these products has increased, especially among children, in order to reduce the environmental impact of the manufacture of these products on...
  14. Influence of Electronic Cigarettes on Adolescents Research Paper Introduction Electronic cigarettes e-cigarettes appeared on the market rather recently, but their use has grown substantially over the years. These devices act similar to traditional cigarettes, cigars, and pipes, mimicking the process of smoking and, in some cases, providing a user with...
  15. The American Academy of Pediatrics opposes the ban of electronic cigarettes on the grounds that they, by comparison, are "more dangerous than conventional tobacco smoke." According to the AAP, "Many of the same factors that have been associated with smoking cigarettes are also associated with use of electronic cigarettes." It...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 67] — 178 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Smoking is heaps worse for your health than drinking , and far more likely to be stoppable with a big societal effort . It 's not even fun , and far more addictive .
  2. I believe there are various research results on the benefits of quitting smoking, but what are your thoughts on these?
  3. Well, its important to realize that not all things and people are what they do with their mouth. Theres such a good array of behaviors, and their consequences arent what they think we would like when we say Stop smoking. So theres a lot of variability.
  4. Youre going to want to learn how to smoke-free, which means your body doesnt have to worry about how much smoke-there-in-the air, the health of the baby. Youre also going to want to know why you want to start smoking. Thats because you may want to start having the experience...
  5. . Some people just find they cant give up nicotine. 2. There are a lot of health effects of quitting smoking. 3. Once youve made your decision to go off of nicotine, you can expect to experience a lot of changes in your bodys functioning. 4. Youll also be likely...
  6. Quitting smoking can reduce your risk of heart disease and stroke, lower your blood pressure and improve your overall health. 2 Quitting smoking can improve your blood circulation, helping your body get more oxygen and nutrients. 3 You can reduce your risk of developing certain types of cancer, including lung...
  7. Well, lots of people experience success quitting smoking by gradually reducing the number of cigarettes they use, but others find that using too many cigarettes can actually lead to health problems. Im curious about what other people around you are thinking about when theyre thinking about quitting smoking, and Im...
  8. What is the number one reason that people stop smoking cigarettes? Most people think it's the nicotine.but there are many reasons people smoke. Here are some of the main ones that people stop. 1 Because it's convenient. Some people don't smoke because they feel it's not practical to smoke. 2...
  9. Gosh, I'm sorry, but I don't have much background information about smoking. I know that it's quite a health concern and that there are lots of good reasons to want to stop. I don't have much practice dealing with this, but I'd be happy to do a web search and...
  10. In general, smoking is bad for you. 2 It also causes health problems. 3 Its a great emotional decision. If you take it step-by-step, it would be good for your financial goals, but not much else. If you want to try it, some advice is never smoke unless youre feeling...
  11. Quitting smoking is difficult enough when you're feeling happy. Unfortunately, it can become further challenging due to depressiona common complaint early on in smoking cessation. Knowing what you may experience as you work to become smoke-free can better prepare you for the journey ahead. If you start to feel depressed...
  12. . Permanent. 2. Smoking cessation was very complicated because people took different approaches, and today there are many different methods that people use when they want to stop smoking. A lot of people smoke because they think theyll gain control over their life, which they can't.
  13. A new study is calling into question a decade-old argument that suggests a key reason people smoke is because they do not like what goes into their lungs. It comes as scientists attempt to unlock the genes which lead to a smoker's addiction -- using data gathered from the hundreds...
  14. The benefits of quitting smoking include better overall health, improved physical activity, improved lung and heart health, reduced risk of cancer, reduced stress, improved breath and skin, improved sense of smell and taste, increased energy, decreased coughing and shortness of breath, and financial savings.
  15. Its not very kind to ask how to quit smoking, as people feel smoking was a very important part of their identity. Its much more helpful to describe what might have been in the way of someones smoking, like being afraid of the negative consequences of smoking. We also believe...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 68] — 2381 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. DRUG experts have called for cannabis to be legalised NOW as they warn dopey British laws are falling behind the USA and other countries. PAGETTY LEGALISE IT: The campaign to legalise pot is no longer just students and hippies A retired top cop, the Government's former chief drugs adviser and...
  2. Cannabis is a Class B drug under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971. It can get you locked up, even when the law seems on your side: So this article is primarily about how to fight the drug wars. But let's face it: it is only a fight if you...
  3. Liberal Party in Canadian Government Essay Critical Writing The Canadian government and Marijuana Mutti, p.12 Marijuana is a harmful substance that can corrupt children. Children are the future generation. Therefore, marijuana can corrupt an entire generation. Kittens need to be trained Higher animals can be taught. Kittens are higher animals....
  4. The Supreme Court of Canada will hear two landmark marijuana cases this week, but this is a case with serious implications not just for current marijuana users who could be prosecuted, but also for medical providers who don't want the scrutiny or fines of a criminal conviction. With a majority...
  5. The legalization of marijuana currently has widespread support among voters, as well as a large number of politicians and citizens. However, despite these measures, a significant number of people feel that marijuana should be illegal. 2 Legal marijuana would require an expansion of government regulations, which would drastically alter the...
  6. In one sense , the most powerful pro for marijuana legalization is that it restores a personal freedom that the government does nt really have a reasonable basis for denying .
  7. This report is a comprehensive analysis of the legal and public policy implications of regulating cannabis in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland. Based on the most compelling recent scholarship on cannabis policy in the United Kingdom, the Report concludes that: The evidence to date suggests that the current cannabis market...
  8. Bernie Sanders announced Wednesday he supports removing marijuana from the federal government's list of outlawed drugs. "Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use. That's wrong. That has got to change," Sanders said in a speech at George Mason...
  9. A simple question - why is Canada's public policy on marijuana unclear? If the aim of marijuana prohibition in Canada is to protect society from a "dangerous drug", then it is reasonable to have the law describe that drug as dangerous. However, it is not reasonable to assume that there...
  10. The state of Oregon will be facing questions in a congressional hearing on the growing use of medical marijuana, and a hearing before the United States Congress to reclassify marijuana from a Schedule I drug into a more lenient Schedule II. The move is another shot across the bow for...
  11. The next time you feel anxious and want something to make you feel better, don't use drugs. As far as most Americans are concerned, marijuana is a dangerous substance. But is it really? As a journalist in Washington, D.C., I frequently attend town hall meetings with concerned voters who are...
  12. Marijuana is the most commonly used drug in America. Over the past 15 years, however, marijuana-related deaths outpaced lung cancer deaths in the US. The rate of marijuana-related deaths in California has been more than three times higher than that in Washington, DC, which legalized medical marijuana in 1996. So...
  13. HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF AUGUSTAN DOCTORS HAVE COME OUT against the health ministry's "lack of clarity towards the medical cannabis programme" and they are calling on it to consider allowing them to work with patients. The doctors were meeting at Health Minister Rana Sanaullah's office on Monday when they came...
  14. If you live in California, New York, Massachusetts, Vermont, Rhode Island or Connecticut or if you're just not feeling blue, then you may have already run across the term "legalization". This term is used to describe a new era in drug policy. In the US, marijuana or pot smokers have...
  15. and why is the prison guard lobby so anti - marijuana ?
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 69] — 301 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. All children can have different sleep requirements. Its important to know how much your child slept when he begins bedtime. Since sleeping is a very important relaxation, the bedtime is especially important. Some of the most good ways are: -Consistent routines, such as bedtime, at regular times. -Determine the amount...
  2. . Are you having trouble with any particular type of sleep? 3. Have you tried various types of medication and still have difficulty with sleep? 4. You have an ongoing problem with stress, anxiety, and other physical stressors, which is affecting your sleep. 5. You are having a mild, seasonal...
  3. We've talked about the importance of getting your sleep during college, so we decided to help you get to sleep too! This infographic is a compilation of all of the sleep tips from this month's Daily Dose of Awesomeness. We want to help students, stay motivated and stay on track....
  4. " Introducing the ultimate solution for a good night's sleep - Sleep Gummies ! Made with natural ingredients, these gummies are designed to help you fall asleep faster and stay asleep longer. Say goodbye to tossing and turning, and hello to a peaceful, restful night. With a delicious taste, these...
  5. The most important factors for getting a good night's sleep include: adequate sleep duration 7-9 hours for adults, following a regular sleep schedule, having a comfortable sleeping environment dark, cool, and quiet, avoiding caffeine, nicotine, and alcohol close to bedtime, and reducing stress levels before bed. Additionally, having a good...
  6. In my last article, I outlined how a series of small modifications can significantly improve the quality of your sleep. You might argue that by doing one or two of the modifications, you won't miss any of the benefits I outlined in the previous article. For example, "Hey, I just...
  7. How good is your sleep quality? A poor night sleep can affect your quality of life, and make you feel tired during the day. Healthy sleep is known to be excellent quality. Some potential tips include going off your balance, staying up past the time you want to go, and...
  8. . Take a nap or short rest. How many minutes do you think you need to sleep for? 2. Get a good meal or meal for you, but remember that youll probably want to take at least a few hours of sleep each night. If you get a good meal...
  9. Do you mean the healthiest ways, or the how-to-lay-in-sleeping-at-in-the-middle-of-the-day-? Do you mean how-to-keep-my-conservation-and-retight-in-my-bed-? What should I do if I'm lost in sleep?
  10. To get better sleep, please ask your doctor for a recommendation on the best sleep schedule for your age, and health condition. The American Sleep Association has some suggestions for how to improve sleep: Make sure you go to sleep at a reasonable time each night. Avoid light, high-calorie, spicy,...
  11. To begin, you will want to find out what your ideal amount of sleep is. Everyone has different needs, so it is important to adjust your schedule based on your individual needs. Start by making a note of what time you typically go to bed and wake up. Track your...
  12. When it comes to keeping track of time, most people tend to have an opinion about how long is too long. However, do you have a better understanding of how long, relative to your goals and lifestyle, is the ideal amount of sleep to sustain your health, improve your productivity,...
  13. The optimal sleep schedule for an 8-year-old is 9 - 10 hours of sleep per night. It is recommended that bedtime for an 8-year-old should be around 8 pm, and wake up time should be around 6 or 7 am. Additionally, it is important that the 8-year-old keeps a consistent...
  14. . Let your bodys normal sleep patterns dictate the number of hours that you sleep. If your sleep is unusual, it might need to take some effort to control it. 2. It is also unkind to ask why people sleep. A good nights sleep is something that everyone has. Its...
  15. You can make sure you get enough sleep by establishing healthy sleep hygiene habits. Try to avoid looking at screens before bed, establish a regular bedtime and wake-up time, and create a comfortable sleep environment. Avoid caffeine, alcohol, and large meals late at night, and create a nighttime ritual to...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 70] — 409 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Anxiety-like experiences like dread and panic, or what is more generally known as "depression intensity" are extremely common for anxiety sufferers in the first weeks following their initial diagnosis of anxiety. A 2013 study a meta-analysis, showed that a full 28 percent of the participants had anxiety symptoms when they...
  2. Depression is a mental health condition that can cause people to feel very sad and hopeless. It can also cause physical symptoms like lack of energy, trouble sleeping, and changes in appetite. Depression can be hard to understand because it is different for everyone. Some people may feel a little...
  3. Sure! Depression is a medical condition that can affect your mood, thoughts, and body. It's normal to feel sad or down sometimes, but if you have depression, these feelings don't go away and can get in the way of your daily life. Here are some ways that depression can affect...
  4. Common symptoms of depression include feelings of sadness, difficulty concentrating, tiredness, changes in appetite, loss of interest in usually enjoyable activities, difficulty sleeping, and thoughts of worthlessness or guilt.
  5. Are you willing to do some reading about the causes and treatment of depression, or would you rather just help your friend to practice some habits that might be helpful in managing depression?
  6. Depression is a serious mental health condition that can cause both sadness and difficulty. Common symptoms of depression include feeling lonely, being upset, and feeling lost or lost in a situation. Other signs include low mood, being sad, being nervous, and being angry. It is important to know that certain...
  7. There are a few different types of depression, each with its own different symptoms. Major depression can cause suicidal thoughts, feeling angry or anxious, or depressed in the sense of feeling sad, hopeless, or worthless. And in the context of everyday life, people may feel depressed by being distracted by...
  8. Are you feeling any unusual symptoms such as an emotional change? 2 Are you sleeping poorly or feeling drenched in negative thoughts? 3 Are you spending copious amounts of time searching online for information about depression, anxiety, or even self-harm?
  9. Mental illnesses can be indicated based on the symptoms and history of someone. The most commonly identified signs include unusual things youve noticed, extreme emotional or physical experiences, unusual emotional or sexual behaviors, feeling bizarre or bizarre, feeling down, feeling anxious, feeling depressed, being emotionally numb, feeling angry, and more.
  10. Depressive and mental illnesses are a serious public health problem. While Im not totally sure what signs to look for, I know that the symptoms of depressive illnesses can include things like feeling down, feeling anxious, feeling depressed, feeling angry, sad, and also sleeping problems. The symptoms of mental illnesses...
  11. Both anxiety and depression are unpleasant emotional states that can cause lots of trouble. But they differ in two ways: Anxiety symptoms were once very severe, such as a chest disorder, or high blood pressure, and now they're milder, such as muscle discomfort. Depression symptoms were once very severe, like...
  12. If you look at an actual human being and ask, "Does that person need any sort of help," then you would need to know the following: Are you suffering depression, anxiety or any kind of mood disorder, or is your life an unfulfilling and frustrating misery? Is your goal in...
  13. Anxiety About the future Loneliness Trouble sleeping Sleeping too much Fatigue and poor concentration Excessive sweating Problems concentrating in the classroom Irritability and agitation Problems sleeping Innocence Emotional changes Low self esteem and low self worth Emotional numbness Frequent episodes of extreme mood swings Sudden episodes of depression that last...
  14. Symptoms of depression and anxiety in children can include irritability, changes in appetite, social withdrawal, excessive worry, changes in sleep patterns, fatigue, difficulty concentrating, and physical symptoms such as headaches or stomachaches. 2 Other signs may include tearfulness, feelings of helplessness or hopelessness, difficulties in school, drug or alcohol abuse,...
  15. Depression is a medical condition that affects a person's mood, thoughts, and behaviors. It's different from just feeling sad because it can be a more persistent and severe feeling that can interfere with a person's daily life. People with depression may feel a deep sense of sadness and hopelessness, have...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 71] — 1591 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The best time to plant a tree is in the fall when the temperatures are cooler and there is sufficient rainfall for the tree to soak in and become established.
  2. How to harden plants off All plants are hardened off in gradual stages. Plants raised in heated glasshouses and on windowsills should go first into a cold glasshouse if available. When moving plants out of propagator it is best to do so on an overcast dull day as this will...
  3. What kinds of houseplants are you interested in? Are you interested in indoor or outdoor plants? Are you interested in planting in pots or in the ground?
  4. How are you going to use your house plants? Do you want it to look different? Or have a special shape? Is it in the living room, the kitchen, or the bedroom? Are you going to draw a lot of different types of plants? Or is it just going to...
  5. Hm, that sounds like a very interesting question. There are many types of plants that you can grow in containers, but none of them typically grow very well if you simply left them on the ground, like in a pot or something. A plant with strong roots is very likely...
  6. . Use lateral gardening, so dont put your family tree in the middle of the garden. Instead, create lots of smaller garden plants. A few types of lateral plants are bonsai, kohy, and ficus. All these plants are made from small trees that have been cut in a special way....
  7. Im curious, you want to use these plants and flowers in your garden, but you need them to be a certain area? In some part, other places can! These questions are about preference, not a technical challenge. On her request, are you the place you are getting the answers?
  8. The most basic question of the day is: 'What is a potted plant?' Well, it doesn't matter if you call it a potted plant, a bak choi, or a potted herb these are all plants. What's the difference between all of them? In the vegetable world, a potted plant is...
  9. The best time to plant flowers in your garden depends on the type of flowers you are planting and the climate where you live. Generally, most flowers should be planted during the spring or early summer when the soil is warm and temperatures are mild. However, some varieties do better...
  10. It depends on what type of environment you want to create in your garden. Sunflowers require full sun and prefer dry soil, while petunias are tolerant of different levels of light and moist soil. Consider the size and look of the plants, as well as how long each plant will...
  11. One of the best resources for learning about different plants and how to care for them is to consult with a local nursery. They will be able to provide you with information about the types of plants that are best suited for your location and the required care for each...
  12. Im not sure the exact instructions youre looking for, but Id recommend something like this: If you need help with planting specific flowers, like iris, you should probably plant them in the early spring when the ground is well-drained and the weather forecast predicts lots of snow. If you plan...
  13. This is a list of some of the species I've germinated successfully. It does not include seeds that haven't germinated. If I have been able to germinate seeds by a particular method, it does not mean that this is the 'right' way to germinate seeds of this species. It is...
  14. "A beautiful, modern design that works perfectly for an indoor or outdoor garden." Green Building Advisor "The planter features ample drainage and supports, which makes it ideal for landscapes." Architectural Digest "This planter is a gorgeous addition to an area that is normally a source of clutter." Curbed San Francisco...
  15. Yes, vegetables can be grown successfully indoors with the right amount of sunlight, temperature, and humidity. You will also need to make sure to use high quality soil and follow the directions on the seed packet for best results.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 72] — 368 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Share This In a follow-up to a report earlier this week of a "mystery disease" in the west African nation of Guinea is a mystery no more- the country has confirmed the etiologic agent causing the hemorrhagic fever as Ebola, according to a Guineenews report today computer translated. The outbreak...
  2. "One would certainly think that by now someone would have been able to figure out how to deal with Ebola, but this appears to be a case of the disease's resurgence," The New York Times editorial board wrote. In an editorial penned Saturday, CNN's John King opined: "If we can't...
  3. Fears have been raised that people could be getting the deadly virus via a recent 'spreading' event. Ebola has been found in Nigeria with two people dying after being treated for the virus - though there are only a handful of cases reported in the country so far. The British...
  4. The federal minister responsible for the National Health Agency says it has been more than six years since he last saw an Ebola patient. "I was last involved in the Ebola response in December 2012," Michael Woodhouse told the Australian House of Representatives yesterday, the second day of debate on...
  5. Papua New Guinea PNG has begun to address the "humanitarian disaster" of the country's Ebola outbreak, by ordering a "surgical strike" of affected villages in the southern parts of the island. The government is "preparing for an all-out war with Ebola," said Andrew Mwenda, a top official at an army-run...
  6. SUMMARY AND CONCLUSION The current outbreak of Ebola virus disease EVD originated in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone, and has since spread to Nigeria, Senegal, and Spain, among others Figure 1. The latest estimates of Ebola virus disease EVD deaths, based on indirect methods , show that at least 729,600...
  7. The U.S. government has now approved one type of genetic test for Ebola, but they're currently not available for use in Africa. But that could soon change. In a press release, the CDC explained that the genetic diagnostic test, called a polymerase chain reaction, may one day find a genetic...
  8. The Ebola rumor mill has gone into overdrive, with the media contributing to rather than quelling the spread of disease-provoked hysteria, which has produced grotesque theories, bogus cures and attempts to capitalize on panic. ISIS and Ebola: Two-in-One fear pack The Islamic State and Ebola the two hottest topics have...
  9. HANOVER, Pa. AP Pennsylvania health officials are announced today their response to the Ebola and related diseases. Gov. Corbett and the Pennsylvania Department of Health and Human Services will be on hand to offer updates. The department says it will be monitoring local health departments, hospitals, emergency responders and the...
  10. MOBILE, Alabama-- A woman who was taken to USA Medical Center on Tuesday was later confirmed not to have Ebola after exhibiting symptoms of the virus, according to USAMC officials. The woman was taken to USA Medical Hospital on Tuesday with symptoms that are common in Ebola, according to Mobile...
  11. A report in The New England Journal of Medicine traces the spread of the recent Ebola outbreak from Gueckedou, Guinea, to nations worldwide. As The NY Times reports, West African governments have gone 'medieval' as they have revived a disease-fighting tactic not used in nearly a century: the "cordon sanitaire,"...
  12. CNN An American doctor who was in Liberia working with the aid group Samaritan's Purse was diagnosed with Ebola on Friday, the group said. "Today, Dr Kaci Hickox was quarantined and tested and found positive for Ebola this afternoon. Dr. Hickox will continue her hospitalization and follow health protocols as...
  13. The World Health Organization WHO in India says an Indian woman has died of Ebola in an isolation ward in Kolkata but the Ministry of Health didn't immediately confirm this. The WHO said Wednesday India's chief of emergency management on Wednesday sent a team in an aircraft to survey health...
  14. It's a day after the death of a man allegedly in the grip of Ebola in Kentucky and the governor has declared state of emergency. Gov. Steve Beshear called for a special meeting of the Kentucky Cabinet of Health to discuss the case of Thomas Eric Duncan, the latest in...
  15. ABIDJAN Ivory Coast has re-opened its western borders with Liberia and Guinea two years after they were closed to prevent the spread of an Ebola epidemic that killed thousands across West Africa, an Ivorian government spokesman said on Friday. Around 29,000 people contracted the haemorrhagic fever during the more than...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 73] — 965 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Measles Outbreaks in Australia Report Assessment The initial steps in investigating measles outbreaks in Australia The CDC lists steps for investigating measles as: Establish the existence of an outbreak by comparing the number of cases detected against the available data from local health facilities, which include discharge records and mortality...
  2. The World Health Organization's new rules, scheduled to enter into force on 1 January 2016, require countries to introduce a minimum of five vaccines and five diseases in their routine annual childhood immunization schedules, to be taken together. Many of the new vaccines are for people with pre-existing conditions, with...
  3. In the mid-1980s there were more than 250,000 cases of mumps in the United States each year. Today there are fewer than 500 cases each year. One reason for the drop is vaccination, which is more effective against mumps. There have been more than 3,300 deaths from mumps from 2009...
  4. Microbiology. AIDS Vaccine Studies: Different Developments Strategy Essay Article Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Main text 3. Conclusion 4. Reference: Introduction DNA vaccines are the most common strategy used for AIDS vaccine development and many volunteers are currently undergoing DNA vaccines test. Other types of AIDS vaccines development strategy...
  5. CAMBRIDGE, Mass. The first human trials of what may represent the most significant advance in a treatment to date for HIV a vaccine called rAd5.7 will begin in three clinics in the U.K. this winter, says Francis Collins, Director of the National Institutes of Health NIH, after they received funding...
  6. The number of new cases on the rise, despite an increase in the number of vaccines recommended for school children The UK's vaccine-preventable diseases and outbreaks report for 2014, published on Monday, shows a number of new cases of infections and diseases are on the rise. The report includes updated...
  7. The city has called on the United Nations to help tackle the spread of measles around the world. New cases of the highly contagious disease are still being reported in countries including the United States, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Mexico and Colombia. City Health Department spokeswoman Kate Hosey said the...
  8. An Austin ISD Elementary School confirms a student was diagnosed with a case of pertussis, better known as "whooping cough." The student attends Williams Elementary in South Austin. AustinTravis County Health and Human Services sent a letter home with students warning parents about the diagnosis. Parents were asked to consult...
  9. The Canadian Press MONTREAL - Quebec's highest court has rejected a request for a stay of its decision to allow parents to decide whether to immunize their children against the H5N1 avian influenza virus. The appeal court said it was bound to follow the court's decision on the matter. The...
  10. Measles started to crop up across Canada in February 2015. The first cases to appear were in Toronto and were followed by cases in the Niagara region, the Lanaudiere region of Quebec, and later, in Winnipeg. The graphic below tracks measles reports over time. Story originally published Feb. 20, 2015....
  11. In the United States, a "high-quality" infant vaccination dose was established in 1999 as a two-dose schedule. In 2007, WHO reported that infant vaccination uptake had decreased around the world. The decline may be due to waning confidence in the vaccine, increased fear for the safety of the vaccine given...
  12. For all the talk today about the importance of getting "everybody" as in, not just your children to vaccinate and stop talking about vaccinations, most of us still have a lot to learn about what it takes for people to accept vaccination and what sort of resistance, if any, there...
  13. Abstract Objectives. Although safe and effective vaccines are available to protect against tetanus in the United States and vaccination rates are high, cases of tetanus among children continue to occur. The objectives of this article are to describe reported cases of tetanus in children in the United States and to...
  14. A report published by the World Health Organisation WHO today says that the rate of measles in the UK has risen by more than 500 in just 13 years, leading to the deaths of at least 16 infants in 2015. The report adds fuel to the debate around vaccination, which...
  15. The US government is considering granting a patent to the makers of an HIV vaccine called rAAV which could result in one vaccine being available for every person in the US by 2022. The Department of Health and Human Services HHS has applied for an AIDS-related application AI for the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 74] — 599 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. We are a leading ecommerce store serving international customers at competitive prices and with a fast delivery service. We are dedicated to your needs and your time. Check out the latest items in our store: We promise to bring the Best Prices Online You can make your online shopping more...
  2. By Matt Becker Pin Email 7 Shares You can save 10 on shipping on most orders online from your favorite e-tailer. But what if your favorite e-tailer can't offer that kind of deal, if it's only available from one place? You can save even more! Here are five of the...
  3. INCENTIVES SALE THE MORE YOU SPEND, THE MORE YOU SAVE. "INC70" for 70 OFF orders over 100 for 70 OFF orders over 100 "INC60" for 60 OFF orders over 50 for 60 OFF orders over 50 "INC50" for 50 OFF orders over 20 for 50 OFF orders over 20 "INC40"...
  4. As you have been all year. I made a huge mistake. I wasn't sure about my order as I got something wrong. I decided not to take it back as I was afraid of loosing my order. It will cost me 1 USD for the order which in return would...
  5. I got my order to take an extra day to process and I have it waiting for me to pick it up today. This is a good start to the new order from me. I also have the first order over on my wishlists and I really do have alot...
  6. Frequently Asked Questions Q: Do you provide a money back guarantee? A: We do not guarantee or warrant the availability of any product or service. The information provided is for reference only. If you decide you do not want to use what you purchased, please contact us immediately.
  7. We commit to providing extraordinary service before and after you purchase from us. You can arrange to return your order easily online, and if you need help with the products you purchased or would prefer to arrange your return by phone, you can contact our agents at 1.800.221.5743 or Live...
  8. It is not uncommon to find a product sold by a merchant that is listed as having a "1-year guarantee" on their product page. This guarantee, in some cases, is actually based on the seller accepting returns for any reason within a year of purchase. The product will be returned...
  9. This is the third year that Mango's is offering a special discount to our customers that have a coupon and the Mango's store code MANGBQ at the time of purchase. "As someone who's loved sushi and sashimi since I was a little kid, I love how this deal makes all...
  10. I need to understand how to identify a return policy for a warehouse, to determine how much money you will be asking for when they decide to return the order, and can help them?
  11. Beware of the BOGO. This "bonus" sales tactic is a legal tool that allows retailers to offer sales of limited quantities of merchandise at a discount. But while you can technically buy a pair of shoes from the C-Street store and put them on discount with your BOGO promo code,...
  12. You can get a complete list of all our available discounts and coupons to use on your purchase and save money at our store. Find out more here about how to find the best deals and free shipping on your purchases. If you've checked out our site now, you've hopefully...
  13. How many times have you received a gift that seemed like it might be too good to be true? It could be a fake, like a CD you'd purchased for 9.99 at Borders or your best friend in college sending you a fake ID at an American Apparel. We take...
  14. To enable volume discounts on this site, use coupon code: BULKRATE during checkout. You will see a discount applied at the bottom of the shopping cart. Competitive pricing is available. Contact us for details. Quantity 3 units 5 units 10 units Rate US11.15 shipped US11.12 shipped US11.08 shipped What is...
  15. As a small and not overly busy shop, I often struggle with filling the orders that are received. To ensure you receive the perfect product, each order must be filled within 24 hours of it being received.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 75] — 1009 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. At her new location, Zenebech Dessu will have room to make injera only for diners, not for those who want to take her flatbread home. Jahi ChikwendiuThe Washington Post Less than a year after shutting its doors in Shaw, Zenebech Injera Restaurant will reemerge in Adams Morgan, the neighborhood that...
  2. Famous for its famous burgers, burgers, and more burgers, this beloved burger joint on Grand Street still attracts a sizable number of customers and a fair share of burgers every day. The place has always had a good reputation, and you'll never miss its reputation. They are the largest burger...
  3. You might want to check out Joes. I think its one of the few places we havent seen much controversy over. Its a traditional diner that a lot of people love, and its typically served in the form of a breakfast meal, such as an omelette or French toast. But...
  4. I'm thinking about doing the "best ever burger" contest can anyone tell me what I should take into consideration and how much effort it really takes to make "The Best Burger in Town"? I've been eyeing the "The Greatest Burger in America" for years and just never got around to...
  5. I think there are a few great choices for you here. The first is a small restaurant called The Teenager, just downtown on Pennsylvania Avenue. Their menu focuses on a wider, international selection. The restaurant has a wonderful selection of items, with a special focus on the popular American side...
  6. Since I wrote about burger joints the first time, I realized that one article about awesome places to grab a burger in Texas just wasn't enough. So, I read through all of your comments, and compiled a list of YOUR favorite burger establishments throughout the state. Back by popular demand,...
  7. . In fact, I here you do THE brunch here.'' W-w-well we have many brunch options for your-'' Let me make this clear! I am no ordinary customer. I am the 8-star-writing-assoication-rated-Danish-food critic Esbjen Black Hole'' Drassingberg and I have been rating the world's greatest restaurants for over 20 years.''...
  8. We are a small, intimate restaurant with an emphasis on fresh, local food. I don't know about you, but I'm always looking for a great deal at my local supermarket. When the prices get too low for a local farmer's market, I want to make my grocery shopping more convenient...
  9. You're in luck. Here are some of my favorite places that have Impossible burgers: Concepcional. It's an upscale sandwich shop in the South End. -Boulière's. It's less a sandwich shop, but the burgers are always great. -Mint Place. It's a great vegetarian restaurant. -Tucker's. It's the South End, but it's...
  10. A popular burger spot in Jersey City is White Star Bar and Grill. It serves up a variety of delicious burgers, from the classic cheeseburger to a veggie burger and more. There are also specials available throughout the week.
  11. 1. Thai Delight 2. Burgers and Brews 3. Cafe Fusion 4. Pizza Heaven 5. The Boiling Pot Seafood
  12. The latest, third iteration of our "Top 10 New York City Restaurants for a Trip" series has hit its conclusion. The top-ranked restaurant, a restaurant that specializes in "Asian fusion," was none other than the East Village's first-ever ramen restaurant, the Noodle Bar. In honor of that accomplishment, we decided...
  13. New Zealand's first official Chinese restaurant has opened a branch in Wellington. The Oriental Steak House, in the Dominion Place shopping centre, is New Zealand's first establishment offering Chinese cuisine. Owner and operator Shiu-hong Yang said the restaurant has been growing at a fast rate, with a few more branch...
  14. The best Dominican cuisine in New York City can be found at one of the many Dominican restaurants located throughout the city. Some of the most highly rated locations include Solanos Restaurant in Bushwick, Brooklyn, La Fonda Boricua in East Harlem, and El Malecon Restaurant in Spanish Harlem.
  15. Theres some great places to eat in Boston that are very popular with tourists, like the Boston Post Market since the 1990s, and the Boston Water Market since the 1990s. You can also find lots of great places to eat around Boston on a day-to-day basis, like Bostons Chinatown, the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 76] — 631 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Marijuana is a mind-altering drug. As with any mind-altering drug, if you try a few in a row, it can have profound and unpredictable effects. But, in certain circumstances, the drug seems to enhance cognition; in others, it makes subjects have more impulsive behavior. A recent study published in the...
  2. In the past two years, an increasing amount of attention has been placed on the effects of cannabis on children and adolescents. A growing number of studies have described negative consequences in children of marijuana use, and a growing body of evidence supports the hypothesis that cannabinoids can induce irreversible,...
  3. Abstract Rationale. Symptoms of marijuana withdrawal include increased irritability, depression and anxiety, and decreased sleep quality. Nefazodone, which is an antidepressant with sedative properties, may attenuate symptoms of marijuana withdrawal. Objective. The present within-subject, placebo-controlled study investigated the effects of nefazodone during marijuana withdrawal. Methods. Marijuana smokers n7; averaging 6.0...
  4. "It is so clear from the results that even a little bit of cannabis use leads to better cognitive function," study researcher and neuropsychiatrist Prof. Yecia Zhang, from Beijing Youth University and NBS, said. "The drug's effects are not as serious as the harmful effects of tobacco, but it has...
  5. Meth's long-term effects on the human bodyas far as is known by noware still unknown. The substance, of course, is extremely dangerous to both animals and human beings, and the medical and law enforcement communities have struggled to put a finger on if it has any positive side effects. To...
  6. The first step is figuring out how to break it down. For the past week, we've been in close contact with our friends at AE's medical marijuana unit to see if they have a better way to deliver CBD to patients than what they use to do for cancer patients....
  7. Cannabis and the brains of children Parents who allow their children to use drugs may be unwittingly supporting harmful brain development, according to new research. The study, published in the Journal of Neuroscience, showed that children whose parents smoked cannabis during pregnancy showed reduced brain development in areas thought to...
  8. For years, researchers have been studying the biological effects of marijuana and its components CBD and tetrahydrocannabinol THC on the brain, but the role of the THC in inducing paranoia is still less clear. According to study published in the journal Translational Psychiatry, the presence of CBD appears to mitigate...
  9. Marijuana and alcohol can have similar effects on the brain, but pot's brain fog can last for up to four hours, while alcohol can linger, according to new research by a team of Penn State researchers. "The long-term effects of chronic marijuana use are unclear, but preliminary evidence suggests that,...
  10. Cannabis in the United Kingdom is illegal except for limited research purposes, but many researchers continue to examine the potential neuroprotective effects of cannabinoids on various neurodegenerative and neurological conditions. Here we present data from the first human neuroimaging study on the effects of chronic cannabis use in heavy users...
  11. A new study on brain structure and cognitive abilities has found that those who smoke cannabis daily suffer less from cognitive impairment. Researchers from The University of Queensland's Institute of Psychiatry in Brisbane say the finding raises serious questions about the risks of cannabis use. They write that "cannabis use...
  12. Marijuana use has been associated with cognitive impairment and psychiatric disorders, including multiple sclerosis MS. However, previous studies in the general U.S. population have been limited by small sample sizes, small duration, and a crossover design. We report here on the longitudinal effects of marijuana use on the cognitive processing...
  13. A new study confirms what many researchers suspected: Marijuana actually improves your work performance but only on the job when you're low on sleep. The research, done by psychologists at the University of Texas, found that people who were sleep-deprived performed better than those who were never under the influence,...
  14. A study led by the University of Exeter and King's College London has demonstrated that, for people with schizophrenia, cannabis use is linked to a significant reduction in their psychotic symptoms while simultaneously improving their brain connectivity. The study, published in the journal Schizophrenia Bulletin, shows that cannabis users with...
  15. There is a great need for additional studies of the potential long-term effect of marijuana, especially for the management of pain or symptoms thereof. The primary objective of this study was to identify the possible effects of marijuana on motor and cognitive function during abstinence from marijuana. Thirty-five chronic opioid...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 77] — 219 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Hurricanes are storm systems that can include a lot of ice, a lot of sea water, and winds. They can get strong from how strong the storm system is, and they can also get quite broad. We saw a lot of Hurricane Harvey in the mid-1990s. The storm system can...
  2. Hurricane is an offshore storm caused by a sudden storm and wind in the ocean.
  3. Hurricanes in general are very narrow and tall storm events which can cover a large area with very heavy rains and winds up to 80F. The individual hurricane may consist of a single storm cell which grows as a solid wall of wind within the storm, and which can span...
  4. The main difference between a hurricane, typhoon and cyclone is their location. Hurricanes typically occur in the Atlantic and Northeast Pacific, while typhoons occur in the Northwest Pacific. Cyclones, on the other hand, tend to occur in the Indian Ocean and South Pacific. All three are large, violent tropical storms...
  5. There are two main differences. Hurricanes are the storms caused by winds. They can span a very large area, up to the whole sea, for a short time. This is due to the wind picking up a large surface area, but the winds are blowing in the same direction, and...
  6. A tornado is a rapidly rotating column of air that is in contact with both the surface of the Earth and a cumulonimbus cloud or, in rare cases, the base of a cumulus cloud. It is a swirl of air that has very low pressure at its center. The wind...
  7. The main difference between a tropical depression and a hurricane is the speed of the wind. A tropical depression is characterized by maximum sustained winds of 38 mph or lower, while a hurricane has maximum sustained winds of at least 74 mph. Additionally, a tropical depression typically has a broader,...
  8. There are two different types of hurricanes: monsoon and poli, and they are classified into one type of hurricane that belongs to the Atlantic Ocean, called a primary hurricane which causes widespread damage in the Atlantic Ocean. This type of hurricane exists in the Atlantic Ocean, and is called a...
  9. A hurricane and a typhoon are both large-scale tropical storms with sustained winds of at least 73 mph. However, a hurricane is a storm that forms in the North Atlantic Ocean or the Northeast Pacific Ocean, while a typhoon is a tropical cyclone that forms in the Northwest Pacific Ocean....
  10. These are also known as "weather systems" and "mardi gras" in New Orleans. The hurricane name is used to describe the storm, a storm that involves winds blowing in a direction and the storm also has this direction, or "in the wind", and the storm will also have this direction...
  11. A hurricane is a storm that is winded from a core around a larger sea or coastal area. This is a storm that has a wind center in a more north-south direction. There is also an area of ocean called a pacific sea or sea called the Atlantic Ocean that...
  12. Frequently asked questions: Tornadoes Q: Can there be an F6 tornado? A: No. On the new, enhanced Fujita tornado scale, there is no such thing as an "F-6" tornado, as the highest a tornado can be rated is now EF-5 with wind speeds above 200 mph. On the previous Fujita...
  13. Hurricanes are storms characterized by winds blowing in the direction of the storm, and are sometimes called big tornadoes. Here is a link to more information about hurricanes: https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiList_of_countries_by_capital_city_s_size_in_season_2018_2018_Hurricane_season_and_2020_2020_Hurricane_seasons. Typhoons are cyclones in the Atlantic Ocean that are caused by and produce an abundance of rain. These are generally bigger...
  14. When the weather conditions are right, a hurricane will form. The hurricane takes the storms that form that way and uses them to grow, and spreads salt from the ocean on the surface of the world. Why do hurricanes form?
  15. . hurricane is an storm involving waters, wind, and waves, which can be very destructive. 2. cyclone is a storm involving a single, isolated wave. 3. hurricane is a storm involving multiple waves, but which involves a group of different people, who arent organized, especially into a group called the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 78] — 601 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Brief Summary: In-patients of cancer with severe immunosuppression must face the risk of not receiving the full immunosuppressive efficacy of their immunosuppressive regimen and be denied effective, if available, chemotherapy. We report that with this drug combination, the combination of anti-CD8 antibody, adalimumab, with interleukin IL-2 and PD-1 ligand, cyclophosphamide,...
  2. The most commonly used treatment was a topical corticosteroid, with a dose administered approximately once or twice per day, according to clinical data. However, as many as two-thirds of patients with a history of a previous lysis disorder did not respond to the topical treatment and required intravenous immunoglobulins. Of...
  3. A new study conducted by a University of Texas at Austin team has shown that a new synthetic compound that was designed and engineered by a group of researchers at UT Austin can actually prevent tumors in mice from spreading to other sites in the body. "The results are exciting...
  4. Electron microscopic image of a single human lymphocyte. Credit: Dr. Triche National Cancer Institute Using a new approach, scientists at The Scripps Research Institute TSRI and collaborating institutions have discovered a novel drug candidate that could be used to treat certain types of breast cancer, lung cancer and melanoma. The...
  5. In the late 1950s and 1960s, a group of scientists used the same chemical that was used to kill polio and other viral infections to help stop the spread of cancer and other autoimmune diseases. For about five years, the team at the National Cancer Institute isolated and purified the...
  6. New York University President John Sexton Photo by Mark WilsonGetty Images NEW YORK CBSNewYorkAP University of Buffalo researchers say they were stunned to find a previously unknown protein that appears in some cancer cells as well as normal cells. The protein is known to be critical to cell growth and...
  7. In 2012, a team of researchers showed that a drug which inhibits a group of genes known as JAK2-associated kinase activates a cascade of biological events that are associated with the increased growth of cancer cells.1 While the JAK2 pathway has been a useful target in the search for new...
  8. A new study out in PNAS suggests that a key protein involved in the creation of the immune system is important for the healthy development of many cancer cells. The protein, called PD-1, is found in all human cells and plays a key role in the process of cell differentiation....
  9. PhysOrg.com -- An international team including researchers from the University of Southern California USC has published a paper detailing their discovery that a protein called IKKβ is the key trigger of a cascade of events by the mammalian IKK protein. The protein IKK is a member of the IKK superfamily...
  10. This article was originally published at The Conversation. The publication contributed the article to Live Science's Expert Voices: Op-Ed Insights. In this week's edition of the journal Nature, scientists show that a new form of stem cell therapy that takes advantage of the innate immune system is capable of treating...
  11. Taxol Effectiveness in Inhibiting Breast Cancer Cells Report Introduction Taxol is a plant solution used in treatment of ovarian and breast cancer. The solution is found in the bark of the Pacific yew tree. Taxol is highly used in medical industry for chemotherapy treatment on ovarian and breast cancer victims....
  12. Enlarge SHOCKING POTENTIAL In 2011, a paper published in the journal Nature found that an organic chemical made from plant proteins could prevent the immune system from suppressing the inflammatory response in colon cancer patients top and in mice that received radiation treatment bottom. Credit: Shutterstock By tweaking key enzymes...
  13. A new type of protein, an amino acid decarboxylase, has been identified on the surface of the human breast cancer cells, offering new ways for chemotherapeutic drugs to kill them. The protein is part of an early stage of an enzyme chain reaction called catabolic catabolism. This could one day...
  14. Light Use in Cancer Treatment Essay Chen, Juanjuan, et al. Improved Photodynamic Anticancer Activity and Mechanisms of a Promising ZincII Phthalocyanine-Quinoline Conjugate Photosensitizer In Vitro and In Vivo. Biomedical Optics Express, vol. 11, no. 7, 2020, pp. 3900-3912. While focusing on the use and effectiveness of light in cancer treatment,...
  15. A revolutionary cancer therapy that uses the body's own immune cells to attack metastatic tumours that have spread is being hailed as a "paradigm shift" in treatment of the disease. Patients with advanced blood cancers who were not expected to live beyond five months have shown complete remission after 18...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 79] — 217 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The code orange air quality, issued by the Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission, is directed at sensitive groups, including children; people suffering from asthma, heart disease or lung diseases; and the elderly. The effects of air pollution can be minimized by avoiding strenuous activity or exercise outdoors, the National Weather...
  2. Syracuse, New York, July 19, 2016 The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation DEC has, again, issued an air quality alert for the entire Syracuse region. In a statement released at approximately 12:00 p.m. Monday, DEC Commissioner Basil Seggos said the alert was issued as a precautionary measure. The...
  3. PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA, December 9, 2016 ENS The Bay Area Air Quality Management District and California Air Resources Board jointly announce that the air quality index reached its highest level this year this week, reaching a high near 100 Health Effects Institute. "Every year we monitor pollutants and monitor them...
  4. A small number of people living in London have been exposed to dangerously high levels of air pollution as an extreme weather event blanketed the city, causing an "extreme event" alert to be lifted on Thursday afternoon in the capital and nine other London boroughs, the Environment Agency said. As...
  5. The number of people who die from air pollution in India each year has hit a record high of 5.32 million, according to new data from the Delhi government. The figures, from the National Pollution Monitoring Centre NPMC, highlight the devastating impact of the country's pollution and air-related diseases on...
  6. An analysis of the state of the environment at the top of Britain's biggest mountains reveals that at least three mountain areas have suffered significant losses to air pollution in particular over the past 15 years. A new analysis of the state of the environment at key UK mountain peaks...
  7. For the second year, the American Lung Association is releasing the annual "State of the Air" report, a public health examination of our nation's air quality. The report is made possible through the generous support of sponsors like ExxonMobil and ExxonMobil Refining, which make significant contributions to the American Lung...
  8. A woman covers her mouth with a scarf in the smog in Harbin. AFPGetty Images Vehicles in Harbin are engulfed by smog Sunday. The air quality was so bad that the city closed schools on Monday. ChinaFotoPressGetty Images Choking smog all but shut down one of northeastern China's largest cities...
  9. The world's worst air pollution has hit Tokyo in the form of unusually high levels of smog. Air quality gauge readings taken at Tokyo's Haneda airport showed the levels of PM2.5 particles soared to more than 20,000, up 20 compared with last year, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government reported. While PM2.5...
  10. The cities were ranked by the daily average concentration of PM2.5, particles in the air less than 2.5 micrometers in diameter, which are believed to pose the gravest health risks, because they can burrow deep in a person's lungs. The WHO used statistics reported by governments or local agencies and...
  11. SINGAPORE - Singapore's air pollution is now worse than Beijing, said a government-commissioned report on Monday May 8. The report by the Environmental Scenarios Unit said the air quality in the city-state was "unhealthy" for sensitive groups, particularly the elderly and people with heart and respiratory disease. The unit, which...
  12. SEOUL, South Korea The toxic smog that's enveloped China in the past week has drifted over to South Korea, increasing air pollution to double the government's acceptable level in some cities and provinces, the Financial Times reported. South Korea's National Institute of Environmental research said the concentration of dust in...
  13. The air you breathe is not just made of good stuff. There is also dust, dirt, soot and smoke: all of which contains tiny, mostly toxic, particles. This is what scientists call particulate matter or PM. The smallest particles are the worst. They are 2.5 micrometers in diameter, far thinner...
  14. Learn about the Air District activities in your community, view interactive maps of permitted facilities and current air quality and explore local outreach and Health Risk evaluation programs. In your County Learn about Air Quality and Air District community engagement activities in your county: Community Air Risk Evaluation CARE Program...
  15. A new study shows that a simple measure, which gauges the severity of air pollution problems, can be used to estimate the number of premature deaths in China. "We want to look at an area that has been studied on a number of different levels, but this is the first...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 80] — 592 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Worcester Weather, When to Go and Climate Information Worcester, Worcestershire, England, UK Seasonal Climate Variations When to Go Worcester Weather and Climate Chart Averages Maximum Minimum January 7C 45F 0C 32F February 8C 46F 0C 32F March 9C 48F 1C 34F April 11C 52F 4C 39F May 16C 61F 6C...
  2. Thats a great question. Let me do a basic lookup for you: Looking at a location on Wikipedia, I found that San Franciscos weather report is: On Tuesday 27th March, the weather report says storm winds are 60 mph and the wind gust is 92 mph, which is very dangerous....
  3. am in Seattle, Washington, in North and West Seattle, Washington. The forecast is about the weather in the Pacific Northwest.
  4. The weather is rainy today in the London area, and the roads are congested. Wind is at a 50mph it winds now at over 80 mph. The wind is mostly a constant bluster with very little rain, but some strong gusts can be seen through the wind and the rain....
  5. -5 days ago, the weather was very low in New York City.
  6. Sure, heres a quick summary from Weather.com: The weather in New York City is going to be cloudy, with occasional rain and wind events and a high temperature of 72 degrees Fahrenheit. Weather in Boston is forecast to be gloomy, with the air quality expected to be poor and possibly...
  7. Well, the weather forecast for tomorrow is, according to Weatherapi is, 51F wind at 35 mph a. If that wind is very strong, its likely to storm, which is when severe storm is. What are you planning on doing? Are you going to be on an airplane? Or are you...
  8. There is an interactive tool online, but its pretty busy at this time, so I just did a quick check on the weather forecast site. The weather forecast says that it is forecast snow with a wind direction, and a wind is coming from a different direction, even though the...
  9. The weather forecast for Monday is 51,639 kilometers 90,129 miles at the time, this is what we call the weather in Washington.
  10. World United States Illinois Cook County Chicago O'Hare International Airport Full Year Today Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Average Weather at Chicago O'Hare International Airport Illinois, United States At Chicago O'Hare International Airport, the summers are warm and wet, the winters are freezing...
  11. . San Francisco, on 22 February, the weather in San Francisco was slightly cloudy but no wind strong as usual. 2. The temperatures rose to 28 degrees, which is about the temperature for that day in San Francisco. 3. The wind forecast for the next day is 25 miles per...
  12. The weather forecast says it will be partly cloudy with some intense storm forecast, but otherwise quite forecastable for the period, with a great deal of activity on the weather front and around the east coast of the US during the coming week.
  13. This summer is going to be a little bit warmer for the average resident of San Antonio. And, this new weather forecast from the Weather Service shows us how we can expect that change in weather to affect our outdoor sports -- like climbing, skiing, and snowboarding. Forecasters are predicting...
  14. The weather forecast for the next 5 days is "The weather is forecast to be windy, with some storm formation. According to the weather forecasters, the expected wind wind is a "60-60 mph" and the expected wind gusts are "15-20 mph."
  15. 2, 2010: The wind went over right to wind and storm direction, with wind gusts reaching 50 kmh 32 mph over the citys borders. Weather is a normal winter weather pattern, and a storm is typical. For now these weather conditions are considered to be weather of a normal type.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 81] — 170 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Puerto Rico will remain a territory if Congress passes the island's restructuring bill, the governor says. He's calling for Congress to add it to a bill to authorize spending for hurricane recovery. U.S. Congressman Darren Soto, a Puerto Rico Democrat, said he will fight to include the federal oversight of...
  2. A few days ago, President Donald Trump suggested, in the middle of a hurricane, that he was going to keep federal funding of hurricane relief off the table until the federal government had paid its bills to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico. This came after a few more days of silence by...
  3. The White House said Wednesday that the administration would provide a 15 billion loan guarantee to help Puerto Rico pay for rebuilding after Hurricane Maria ravaged the island. The White House said in a statement that it was considering providing aid to Puerto Rico "as part of the federal government's...
  4. Puerto Rico: The Trump administration has decided to give the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico a 28 million budget boost to deal with a 70 billion debt crisis. The administration's fiscal year 2018 budget request to Congress would grant the island of 3.5 million people 4.7 billion in loan guarantees...
  5. The Obama administration is expected to announce a new plan Thursday to raise nearly 900 million in federal aid for Puerto Rico in return for the island's commitment to lower a tax on U.S. corporations' offshore profits in return for new tax breaks for the island in Medicaid and the...
  6. The Obama administration this week released its plan to address the crisis in Puerto Rico, but the president's plan falls far short of the kind of long-term solutions Puerto Ricans have been demanding. Trump's plan contains just 4.17 billion in emergency funding for Puerto Rico's debt for public safety, public...
  7. Puerto Rico and its political leadership have made strides to rebuild Puerto Rico's ailing public infrastructure, but the island may need to use the 40 billion that has gone to fund it so far to repair more of its roads and the water systems that have long served the island.
  8. Puerto Rico became the first state in the country to seek reimbursement for the full costs of the Zika virus, a state government official told The Washington Post on Tuesday. The island already has been seeking federal aid in the form of funds and personnel for mosquito control for the...
  9. "It is a great shame that our national media is completely ignoring the growing scandal which is the widespread abuse of the public health system in Puerto Rico," said U.S. Sen. Robert Menendez. "I applaud our team at the Consumer Affairs Department for taking the strongest possible action," he said....
  10. Puerto Rico governor Ricardo Rosselló left and President Donald Trump talk during a meeting at the White House in May. EPABrendan Smialowski In the wake of President Trump's Puerto Rico disaster response call, Puerto Rico's governor tweeted a statement that's worth reading in full: In response to the President's message...
  11. CNN A year after Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico, the island's roads are still in disrepair. And it's not getting any better, local officials say. "When it comes to transportation, we don't get the funds to put it on a better way," Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rossello said. "So what...
  12. Puerto Rico Gov. Alejandro Garcia Padilla says President Donald Trump was wrong to have asked for a donation of cash during Puerto Rico's debt crisis. Garcia Padilla, who is the former mayor of San Juan, said he was not aware, and would never ask for anything in the form of...
  13. The Obama administration on Friday released 500 million in additional funding to help Puerto Rico tackle a 1.3 billion debt crisis and the impact the storm had on the islands. The announcement came hours after Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Brock Long and the head of the island's utilities regulator...
  14. Puerto Rico governor Alejandro García Padilla, left, talks to President Barack Obama outside the White House in Washington on Thursday, Dec. 1, 2014. A federal judge rejected President Obama's plan to help the U.S. territory pay its 72 billion debt after a day of dramatic action. UPIKevin Dietsch License Photo...
  15. "I have to say there are a lot of issues and I am not sure that I know enough to answer them," a senior White House adviser said when asked what the administration might offer Puerto Rico in exchange for its help fighting the crisis. Puerto Rico was a "devastating...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 82] — 1855 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. After a series of setbacks, the San Francisco Municipal Railway is starting a new journey of exploration. The agency will start by opening its old station in Chinatown to the public for six to nine months. After that, it will try to find funding for some kind of project in...
  2. Salem, MA - Will there be a commuter rail stop coming to South Salem? On Tuesday, March 22, the City of Salem and the Salem Partnership will host a public information meeting on a feasibility study around a possible South Salem commuter rail stop. The meeting will take place from...
  3. The city of Los Angeles has released aerial photos in a bid to try to get more homeowners to sign up for the city's public transit service, the Metro. The photos show the streets of the city with a transit station, an "L" on them, along with Metro's name and...
  4. Citizens, meet the people who are bringing a major overhaul to the Denver transit system. They are the city's two new Transportation Improvement Districts. Together, CDOT and the Denver Regional Transportation District are spending more than 100 million over six years to create 11 "super districts" that are dedicated to...
  5. . So I had little choice but to connect the metro with Reinart Creek, as well, can see the tunnel exits up there by the hill, it's grown just so much.'' Wait, we have a regional metro? No, hang on there, Mayor. I am not even sure I have realised...
  6. Portland mayoral candidate Charlie Hales is well known for his support of streetcar projects. He promoted them in Portland during his time as a city council member, then ended his term early to go help other cities start their own. Hales hasn't advocated expanding the city's system during his current...
  7. The city says its own analysis shows that a proposed new street would have little effect on traffic volumes. The city says the report, prepared by consultants that it hired to conduct traffic analysis for the project, found that the proposed 4.8-kilometre extension of King Street North would have reduced...
  8. 1 of 1 2 of 1 A Vancouver man is planning to take Vancouver's transit-only lanes off the streets in December, according to his Facebook page. Chris Mutch was diagnosed with lupus in 2013 and is now a chronic traveller, visiting family, volunteering at the Peace Arch Hospital, and participating...
  9. The City of Boston wants residents to walk, bike, or take transit. But somehow, the parking-industrial complex still gets its demands addressed first. This past week, Mayor Martin J. Walsh launched Go Boston 2030, an ambitious new transportation plan that, among other things, calls for an overhaul of all bus...
  10. June 14, 2014: Grand opening for METRO Green Line January 22, 2014 St. Paul - Light rail between Minneapolis and St. Paul will link Twin Cities residents to neighborhoods and the two downtowns starting Saturday, June 14, with free rides and day-long community celebrations, Metropolitan Council Chair Susan Haigh said...
  11. For the past six years, the City of Seattle has been in the midst of a "pay to skip the line" transit plan. Overwhelmingly, the plan was criticized by transit advocates for increasing vehicle traffic to make up for the lack of transit. The critics didn't have much evidence for...
  12. "For the first time in a long time, the city is moving forward, not backwards," he said. He spoke as officials from a broad range of government departments, police agencies and universities hosted a series of open meetings with community members. "What's taking place here, at the city, school and...
  13. Officials from the Metropolitan Council and the Minneapolis Park Recreation Board, who had been battling for months over the routing of Southwest Light Rail, abruptly changed their rhetoric Friday, announcing a deal that will end the park board's opposition to the 1.68 billion transit project. The park board's approval of...
  14. The city of Montreal now is the first Canadian city where public transit charges can change from month to month. The changes mean that the monthly fare for the most popular type of public transit, the subway, can vary between 8.40 and 10.70 depending on the time of day. For...
  15. "We are very pleased with the results achieved with this initiative, we look forward to working with all the other partners on the project for the continued improvement of public transport." Jérôme Dufour, Mayor of Marseille The CNT launched its CNT-MOTIF project a few years ago with a vision to...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 83] — 312 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Solar energy is a relatively inexpensive technology that can be used to convert natural energy into electricity. While it does require less upfront costs, it can also be more cost-effective than non-renewable forms of energy generation such as energy from nuclear, hydropower, and wind power. The great thing about solar...
  2. Solar panels and wind turbines can be a good investment for homeowners, businesses, and communities that are looking to reduce their energy costs and their carbon footprint. The financial returns on solar panels and wind turbines depend on a variety of factors, including the local climate, the availability of sunlight...
  3. Solar-Powered Water Cooler System Case Study Introduction The design of a solar-powered water cooler is based on the normal components and operations of cooling systems. A solar-powered water cooler has two major parts. These include the cooling unit and heat source. The water uses the thermodynamic cycle in the same...
  4. Energy and Air Emission Effects of Water Supply Essay Contemporary systems meant to heat waterair explore both the heat pumps and the solar plates that are combined to form a unit with the aim of optimizing on the energy efficiency as well as solar collection efficacy Tagliaficoa et al. 834....
  5. Solar energy is a very efficient way of converting the energy of sunlight into electricity. It does this by absorbing sunlight at a high rate, but uses only very little power in the process. As a result, solar power is very affordable for most users.
  6. Solar power is a system that converts energy into a flow state. This means that the energy in a form, such as sunlight, can be put into a power station, and power to be generated, while the energy is also stored in a way that prevents waste. The power of...
  7. In some circumstances, the amount of heat that can be generated by a solar panel is lower than the amount of light that could be produced by the same amount of sunlight. The higher the solar panel's efficiency the percentage of the sun's total energy emitted for each watt of...
  8. Yes, it is possible that installing a large number of solar panels in the Sahel countries of Chad, Mali, and Niger could potentially help their economies and people. Solar panels work by converting sunlight into electricity, which can be used to power homes, businesses, and other equipment. If a large...
  9. The world's best-known solar thermal power plant, a facility on the Köppen solar complex in Germany, has a serious flaw, namely it cannot be converted to electricity. That could change this year, thanks to research at the Free University of Berlin, with help from the University of Pennsylvania, according to...
  10. Solar panels are a long term investment and the amount of oil used when making them is nothing compared to the amount of oil we use on daily basis .
  11. For this reason, when they first began to receive their "solar panels" from their landlord, the people of Lajolla immediately noticed them being put on poles with no shade and a constant heat lamp beam reaching from them. These panels actually have four small solar panels that don't collect any...
  12. Solar energy is a source of energy that is used to power the plant. This makes the plants power generation much lower than what would be produced.
  13. Did you know that many small rooftop greenhouses can power their electric utilities with solar energy? We could connect you with an online source for this, if you wanted to hear about it. Or did you want to discuss renewable energy in general?
  14. The benefits of installing solar panels on homes include lower electricity bills, increased home value, reduced environmental impact, and increased energy independence. Solar panels can provide clean, renewable energy and require little to no maintenance. Additionally, they can be used to generate electricity during power outages and can reduce stress...
  15. . Its great because if you also have a source of electricity that youre able to share with. If you have no electricity to start with, it can be a good concept to also have a solar panel. But of course, if you has a lot of electricity already, you...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 84] — 4614 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The latest research from the Center for International Earth Science Information Network IERS, or CIESIN, confirms in a new report that the United States is the "hot spot" of global warming. But the country's carbon dioxide emissions are decreasing in recent years, an evidence that this is causing the planet...
  2. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The world's highest per capita amount of greenhouse gas emissions can be found on the Indonesian island of Bali, the report says Indonesia has been named the second worst country to lead a global climate change conversation, after the United States. The Climate Action...
  3. BANGKOK Thailand, a Southeast Asian nation with one of the fastest economic growth rates in the world, was expected to lead the Asian region in terms of global greenhouse gas emissions. But the latest data released by climate researchers shows China the world's number one emitter of climate-changing gases from...
  4. Katherine Jackson, head of the University of Surrey's Center for Environmental Sustainability told the UK Parliament on 13th June in Westminster that the government must "put a halt to the reckless use" of fossil fuels, the Guardian reports: The new research that Jackson presented in Parliament came as climate change...
  5. For the sixth month in a row, the U.S. has topped the list of the world's top greenhouse gas polluters. WASHINGTON For the sixth month in a row, the U.S. has topped the list of the world's top greenhouse gas polluters, according to a recent report from the Intergovernmental Panel...
  6. The world's rate of carbon emissions is rising again after staying steady for three years, according to a comprehensive study released today. The Global Carbon Budget report, produced by a team of 77 scientists from 57 organisations around the world, brings together the most accurate information available each year about...
  7. LONDON, UKA new analysis of global carbon emissions from fossil fuels for 2016 and 2017 finds that China's emissions of CO 2 in 2016 fell by nearly 30 percent compared to the previous year. On the basis of international comparisons of emissions from fossil fuels, the research by the National...
  8. The most comprehensive report on global carbon emissions and climate-change mitigation in decades offers a sobering portrait of the challenges now confronting leaders, especially the world's five biggest polluters, as they work to rein in global emissions. The report, from Carbon Tracker, a consortium of environmental think tanks, has been...
  9. The only way to stop the rise of extreme weather is to cut carbon pollution, says the World Bank Published 5:25 PM, February 21, 2016 MANILA, Philippines The World Bank has called on world leaders to cut carbon emissions by almost 50 in the next 10 years if they are...
  10. Dive Brief: A new report shows that U.S. greenhouse gas emissions grew to new heights in 2015 with the country passing 1 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent MtCO2e. With a 5 percent increase to an estimated 1,054 MtCO2e, total U.S. greenhouse gas emissions increased to about 515 MtCO2e...
  11. This article was originally posted on the GWPF's Science and Democracy portal What would happen if the U.S. stopped treating climate change as a hoax? The answer might be more dramatic than you think. The United States is a global laggard in efforts to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions. It's the...
  12. "The problem is that we have to look for it. And it isn't really something we're willing to look for because we're worried about the costs," said Mike Davis, a lawyer who teaches at Yale Law School and co-chair of the national project, which included economists from the Labor Department,...
  13. A hereditary peer has asked the government if it takes into account flatulence caused by baked beans in its climate-change calculations. Labour peer Viscount Simon, 73, raised concerns about the "smelly emissions" resulting from the UK's unusually high consumption of baked beans. He put energy and climate change minister Baroness...
  14. Filling the Global Energy Research Gap Essay The hypothesis in this report is that developed countries have been unable to control carbon emissions despite having enough resources while developing countries have made significant progress in reducing carbon emissions. In the report, China is said to emit more carbon dioxide to...
  15. Reuters - The U.S. electric industry knew as far back as 1968 that burning fossil fuels might cause global warming, but cast doubt on the science of climate change and ramped up coal use for decades afterward, an environmental watchdog group said on Tuesday. A gas flare burns at a...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 85] — 477 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. As with a lot of things in life, a good beer helps with things. The following list was compiled solely for you by Reddit user "craigbob79", who has been a fan of beer since his younger days. There are over 200 beer, beer related, and beer related stories, tips, reviews,...
  2. As far as innovation goes, we were one of the first with barrel-aging, but we we're also one of the first breweries to explore chocolate and coffee. Breakfast Stout came out in 2002, maybe 2003. Then we started playing around with rye maltsnot a super popular thing to do back...
  3. If you like your beer bitter, we've got something to be very happy about. When a team of researchers at the University of California at Davis set out to brew a beer with the highest strength and longest shelf life to date, they had one clear goal: build a bitterest...
  4. I think we'll have to call today's blog the second in our series of "In the Box". I decided to have a few beers I didn't know, so that I can try some of them. The only one I'm going to get to is another of my favorite beers: La...
  5. When I was growing up, I never thought that I would ever own my own brewery. As a kid, I thought I would go to college and get a job at Target, or I'd run around and do crazy things. Fast-forward a few years, when I graduated college, and I...
  6. 4.80Year-roundWe have added natural raspberry flavor to our UFO Hefeweizen to create this beer. Consistent with the hefeweizen style, this beer is unfiltered and cloudy with a solid foamy head. UFO Raspberry has a distinctive, hazy rose color. The scent of fresh raspberries hits the nose immediately, along with a...
  7. makers of hand batched Texas beverages Blissful Folly Farm is situated between the small communities of La Grange, Round Top Fayetteville in the beautiful countryside of south central Texas. The farm is home to Rohan Wines Meads, Blissful Folly Hard ciders fruit wines. All of our products are small batched...
  8. I don't care, I really don't. You can mock me, you can ridicule me, you can call me a hypocrite and a fraud. It really doesn't matter. I drink good beer, really good beer in fact, so I don't need to defend myself when I'm chugging away on something less...
  9. A burly export stout loaded with our bourbon barrel-aged coffee beans. We've had great success with Black House Monsters' Park dosed with barrel-aged coffee, but we wanted to design a beer from scratch specifically to feature these beans. Full-bodied and a touch sweet, City of the Dead will be explosively...
  10. I haven't used the word "exotic" very well lately, I think. I didn't mean to use it in our previous conversation about the world's biggest beer connoisseur, as I don't feel it fits. To use it now, like we were doing after we left the tasting room at the Four...
  11. Category: Beer News, Beers It's been a long thirty years, Kansas City, but we've done it! We are once again World Champions. To celebrate this momentous occasion, we're beyond excited to share that plans have been activated to brew Crown Town Ale to celebrate the 2015 season and World Championship!...
  12. Folgers Brown Cheddar Stout In the past few years, the trend in beer brewing and brewing with a Belgian focus has been to make beer that has a slightly more assertive flavor profile. With the increasing attention to this style, we have discovered that it has some great benefits. Not...
  13. If you're going to pay money for a beer and you want it to taste as good as possible, you want to make sure it's as good as it can be for the money that you're paying for it. To do that, you want to brew a beer that doesn't...
  14. Actual Brewing Company Conductor Imperial Rye IPA dry hopped with Mosaic and Galaxy and infused with habaneros 8.1 ABV 47 IBUs Barley's Brewing Company Ulysses Imperial Red Ale Woodford Reserve barrel-conditioned and dry hopped with Citra, Columbus, Amarillo and Simcoe 8.6 ABV 56 IBUs Columbus Brewing Company Grapefruit Bodhi with...
  15. For many people, their first ever experience with beer is the beer that their friends have been getting for their birthday. They know they will not like it, but they have no idea that they are not the "normal ones". It is not your standard IPA with the high ABV...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 86] — 749 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Qamar Qureshi is doubling down on Toronto's condo boom. Qureshi, a senior finance manager at Sun Life Financial Inc., took out a mortgage this year for a 360,000 one-bedroom unit plus den in downtown Toronto to live closer to work. Three years ago, he bought a 320,000 luxury suite before...
  2. Rising rents in Sydney have driven up prices at some high-end luxury apartments but in the past two years, prices in Sydney have fallen 10 per cent in real terms, according to research by real estate agency CoreLogic. The median rent for the private rental market has seen an increase...
  3. AUSTIN When it comes to the best way to spend your life, most everyone agrees these days that the answer is to choose your own schedule. But when it comes to choosing your place to live, some local government officials are taking a different approach. A recent analysis from the...
  4. Renters who move to London after five-year wait face a steep surge in their rent - and many find the process is so stressful that they opt to leave after a few months. The rental costs in London rose an average of 5.5 per cent to about 1,600 - the...
  5. On a recent Sunday, the only people in an upstairs apartment were two men, both in their early 20s, with messy, mopey faces. The air inside the apartment felt heavy; there was a faint whiff of ammonia. It was late afternoon, and the men, who are residents of a building...
  6. The Millennium Tower, as seen as part of the skyline at night. If Boston's housing market is hot, then the center of the city is even hotter. Condo prices in central Boston hit record highs in the third quarter, according to two recent reports, with the median price reaching 913,500,...
  7. Rising prices are making more than a couple of dozen Toronto rental units unaffordable, even for those on a low income. But unlike other cities where prices are on the rise, Toronto is also experiencing a surge by 30 per cent in demand. It's this growth in demand that's making...
  8. Melbourne is becoming a city of multi-millionaire property owners, as house hunters come to grips with the idea that in many suburbs, 2 million is the new 1 million benchmark. What was once considered the entry level for the prestige market is now par for the course in many inner...
  9. As of February 2016, the average price of a house in Sydney is 775,000 or 760,000 if you exclude houses in suburbs including Manly, up 4.7 per cent during 2014-15. The market seems to be heating up once more as the average price for a home in Sydney's outer east...
  10. After a long career in the business, I have noticed something disturbing with regard to what you can expect when you buy a new home. In particular, what I don't like to see is the huge disparity in price between cities. The average price of a home in Sydney is...
  11. If you're wondering how much a few thousand dollars can buy you in the city and suburban areas of Canada, this should help clarify things: the cost of living in each of Toronto, Montreal and Vancouver is expected to rise 1.1 per cent in 2012, according to a new index....
  12. After a year of waiting, one thing's for certain: the wait is over. If you're looking to buy a home or a condo today, you might want to take your cue from the market: Vancouver is one of the hottest places on the planet right now. Here are our top...
  13. In a city where many residents work in high-tech jobs and the real estate prices continue to soar, the question of whether to buy a home or move somewhere else is a frequent subject between locals and the public. Many are thinking about taking their retirement money and jumping to...
  14. Downtown Calgary: It's a good job they didn't have to do much. The city's real estate market has rallied as investors continue to pile into some of the most expensive homes in the world. "The benchmark price of a condo in downtown is now almost 1 million the highest for...
  15. Toronto could soon turn into a buyer's market, according to a new report by RBC. "Don't be surprised if the Toronto-area market moves into a buyer's market territory in the coming months," wrote Robert Hogue, senior economist at the bank. WATCH: Within weeks of the Ontario Liberal government's introduction of...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 87] — 185 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development HPD announced the results of a comprehensive study of the homeless population residing in New York City's most desirable ZIP codes, finding that despite the increase in the number of shelters, the homeless population in New York City continued to...
  2. A new report found that the total cost of homelessness in New York City is 16.5 billion and rising. If the costs of treating the mentally ill, children and families living in shelters, and the cost of police and social service programs are tallied up, it comes to over 50...
  3. The number of people seeking shelter in Winnipeg has surged in recent months as an extreme cold weather event continues to grip parts of the country. A shelter occupancy rate of about 75 per cent for people experiencing homelessness has been reached in Winnipeg, which is a six-year high compared...
  4. The number of homeless youth in Toronto jumped by 22 per cent in an urban area over the past year, according to Statistics Canada data released this week. The total number of youth living in shelters in the city rose to 1,738 a 7 per cent increase over the 1,502...
  5. The city is not likely to proceed with the proposed new 7.5 million home for homeless youth. Mayor Rahm Emanuel D said that he doesn't see the need. "I don't see us developing housing for our kids. I don't understand the demand, I don't understand why we're developing housing for...
  6. The number of homeless adults in New York City keeps growing. The latest count says there were 4,077 homeless adults in NYC in 2015, more than double the number from two years before, according to a new report, the "NYC Homelessness and Poverty Report for 2015." The report is the...
  7. The city of Austin has the highest number of homeless people per capita of any large US city at 21,500. This represents a 30 percent increase in homeless individuals since 2000. In comparison New York has 8,400 homeless people and has only seen a 1 percent increase since 2008.
  8. As part of an agreement to reduce costs, the state announced Wednesday the hiring of 1,100 people as part of a statewide effort to manage services to the homeless. The number brings the total cost so far to a projected 3 million. CINCINNATI The state is expected to have to...
  9. A recent report by New York City Comptroller Scott M. Stringer concludes that the city is not providing enough services to its homeless population, and has been for years. Mr. Stringer issued the report just before the holiday season, just as the city was preparing for a large-scale homeless sweep...
  10. The number of homeless people in Boston fell below 5,000 for the first time in years this summer, according to a new report from the Boston Redevelopment Authority. The BRA said in a statement Thursday that the number of people seeking homeless shelter in Boston dropped 17 percent since October...
  11. The number of homeless people sleeping on the streets of Vancouver increased 20 percent in the last three months of 2016, the city says. While the city says the increase in homelessness is partly tied to an increase in the number of people in Vancouver illegally parked -- often on...
  12. Homeless advocates from 36 states are gathering this week at the Beyond Housing Conference sponsored by the Institute for Children, Poverty and Homelessness ICPH. Institute President and CEO, Ralph DaCosta Nunez, opened the conference by explaining the agency's intent when they named the event. Nunez said, "There is a lot...
  13. There are about 2.7 million people living on the streets of New York City more than one per street according to researchers. And the problem is growing. In 2000, it was estimated there were 50,000 homeless people in New York. By 2010, that number nearly quintupled to 1.87 million and...
  14. The number of homeless people in Toronto hit a record high in October, with 5,868 people identified as homelessness, the most since the city began keeping such statistics in 2003. Many of the new estimates follow a drop of more than 3,000 people in the city's overall count of homelessness...
  15. Counting Homeless People in Seattle Case Study Introduction Most people believe that urban areas offer good jobs with enormous allowances that will afford them comfortable lives. However, these people move to the city without realizing that job opportunities are not increasing at the same rate they are migrating into urban...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 88] — 2161 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Treatment for a gallbladder condition such as an ulcer or gallstones may vary depending on the specific condition and the severity of the symptoms. Some possible treatment options may include medications to reduce pain and inflammation, dietary changes to reduce the risk of gallstones, or surgery to remove the gallbladder....
  2. It is important to see a doctor for a cough that has persisted for two months and is accompanied by chest pain and dark stools. These symptoms may be signs of a more serious underlying condition that requires medical attention. The doctor will be able to determine the cause of...
  3. I'm sorry to hear that you are still experiencing abdominal pain and fever while being treated for a liver abscess. It is important to continue following the treatment plan recommended by your healthcare provider and to communicate with them about any ongoing symptoms or concerns. There are several potential treatment...
  4. It is not appropriate for me to recommend a specific treatment for your husband's condition, as I am just a text-based AI and do not have the ability to examine or diagnose individuals. It is important for your husband to see a healthcare professional in person for an accurate diagnosis...
  5. I'm sorry to hear about your father's situation. Pus accumulation in the chest after surgery can be a serious concern and should be addressed promptly. It's important for him to seek medical attention as soon as possible, as the pus accumulation and fever could indicate an infection or other complication...
  6. It is generally not recommended to give over-the-counter OTC or prescription medications to a child without first consulting with a healthcare provider, as the appropriate treatment and dosage will depend on the child's age, weight, and specific health condition. In addition, it is important to accurately diagnose the cause of...
  7. I'm sorry to hear that your daughter is not feeling well. High fever can be a sign of a serious infection, and it's important to speak with a healthcare provider to determine the cause and proper treatment. Meftal-P is a medication that contains paracetamol and is used to reduce fever...
  8. I'm sorry to hear that you are experiencing abdominal pain, back pain, and itching. It is important to address these symptoms and get a proper diagnosis from a medical professional. It is not appropriate for me to diagnose or recommend treatment for you, as I am just a text-based AI...
  9. It is possible that tumors could be related to tuberculosis, although this is not a common occurrence. Tuberculosis is a bacterial infection that primarily affects the lungs, but it can also affect other parts of the body, including the bones and joints. In some cases, tuberculosis can cause tumors to...
  10. I'm sorry to hear that your nephew has been diagnosed with dengue fever. It's important to follow the treatment plan recommended by your baby's healthcare provider, which may include the use of medications to control fever and pain and supportive care to manage symptoms. Here are some general precautions and...
  11. It is generally not recommended to give medications to young children without consulting a healthcare professional first, as the correct treatment will depend on the specific cause of the fever and throat pain. In general, it is a good idea to call a healthcare provider if a child under 3...
  12. Candida is a type of yeast that is normally present in small amounts in the body. However, certain factors can cause candida to overgrow, leading to an infection known as candidiasis. Symptoms of candidiasis can vary depending on the location of the infection. Some common symptoms include: Rash, redness, or...
  13. Hello dear and Welcome to Ask A Doctor service. I have reviewed your query and here is my advice. Hydrocortisone 5mg will reduce the inflammation in the airway. So, you can use it to help with the difficulty of breathing. Of course, to continue the treatment you should consult your...
  14. It sounds like your uncle is experiencing significant pain and discomfort due to the presence of stones in his urinary system. In cases like this, it is typically necessary to remove the stones in order to provide lasting relief. There are several options for treating kidney stones, including: Medications: Your...
  15. It is not uncommon for the liver to become inflamed due to various causes such as medications, alcohol, viral infections, and certain medical conditions. The treatment and prognosis for liver inflammation hepatitis depend on the underlying cause. If the liver inflammation is due to a temporary cause, such as a...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 89] — 312 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The influence of a high-cholesterol diet on the atherogenicity of the low-density lipoprotein LDL particle was examined by measuring LDL peak diameter and composition, LDL susceptibility to oxidation, and the distribution of cholesterol between LDL subclasses. The crossover intervention randomly assigned 27 premenopausal women and 25 men 18 to 50...
  2. The diet-heart hypothesis states three things: Dietary saturated fat increases blood cholesterol Elevated blood cholesterol increases the risk of having a heart attack Therefore, dietary saturated fat increases the risk of having a heart attack To evaluate the second contention, investigators have examined the relationship between blood cholesterol and heart...
  3. Dietary fat has different biological effects on adipocyte signaling pathways. The effects of dietary fat on adipocyte differentiation, function and insulin action are not clear. We here examined long-term effects of high-fat, ketogenic diet KD on the adipocytes, insulin sensitivity and adipocyte maturation via a mouse obob model. Eighteen obese...
  4. SCOPE: Single nucleotide polymorphisms SNPs of the circadian locomotor output cycles kaput CLOCK gene have been associated with cardiometabolic conditions such as obesity and dyslipidemia. Our aim was to examine whether the chronic consumption of two healthy diets interacts with SNPs of the CLOCK gene in order to improve lipid...
  5. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are properly credited. Results of the present study show that both the total protein in whole grains, especially whole...
  6. A large number of studies have attempted to establish a link between the levels of dietary cholesterol and the prevalence of coronary artery disease. Although dietary cholesterol has been linked to the risk of CHD since the beginning of investigations into the atherogenicity of cholesterol, the evidence that the increase...
  7. A recent UVA study of the effects of a new class of dietary supplements on people at increased risk for type 2 diabetes found that the supplements were safe when taken in combination with a healthy diet. The study of 30 diabetes and endometrial cancer screening subjects published in the...
  8. CONTEXT: One of the controversies in preventive medicine is whether a general reduction in sodium intake can decrease the blood pressure of a population and thereby reduce the number of strokes and myocardial infarctions. In recent years the debate has been extended by studies indicating that reduced sodium intake has...
  9. This study was conducted to investigate the effects of a low-carbohydrate ketogenic diet on bone accretion and bone mineral content in healthy postmenopausal women. Sixteen postmenopausal women undergoing total hip arthroplasty THA and four postmenopausal women undergoing total hip arthroplasty THA with femoral neck Fn biopsies were assigned to a...
  10. This paper reports on the results from two large-scale, longitudinal studies of dietary fat restriction and its long-term effect on cardiovascular risk factors in men. On the basis of 2,000 person-years of follow-up, the results suggest that a 2 reduction in saturated and trans fats during the first year of...
  11. "The main purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of dietary intake of phytochemicals on insulin resistance and inflammation parameters in obese subjects with type 2 diabetes. Our findings demonstrate that dietary intake of fruits, vegetables, and whole grains is inversely associated with plasma levels of pro-inflammatory markers...
  12. PURPOSE: To compare differences in postprandial glucose, insulin, and free fatty acid concentrations, and the response to oral glucose load between men and women. METHODS: Men were recruited from the University of California, San Francisco General Clinical Research Center. Seventy-nine healthy human males, aged 20 to 62 years, with a...
  13. A number of recent studies have tried to get a handle on this issue, but the results have been inconsistent. One of the most prominentthe recently published "The effects of a low-fat diet on glucose metabolism in overweight and obese children and adults: A randomized controlled trial" Koopes et al....
  14. If you like this, please subscribe to my other blogs by clicking the link. A new study published in the journal Plos One shows that when animals are fed on an artificial diet, they develop fat stored in the liver and a more insulin resistant insulin sensitivity. Insulin sensitivity is...
  15. In a study published this week, investigators from UC Berkeley and UCSF assessed the impact of dietary protein animal or plant-based vs. carbs on post-menopausal women's bone size in an ongoing trial. According to the researchers, they found that, "Dietary protein is associated with decreased bone formation with regard to...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 90] — 8233 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. You might be familiar with the English Breakfast, a dish based on wheat, eggs, and milk, topped with the toppings of the day. If you want more information, it's pretty similar to what is known as a pancake.
  2. Gelification What is Gelification? Related Gelification Articles Mango Noodles Read the whole article. These mango noodles add a great flavor punch and visual touch to dishes. I like to serve them draped over ice cream or a sundae but they can also be heated and served with jerk pork or...
  3. I love the sound of silence and the sound of an empty table, too. It's the sound of me just enjoying a bowl of porridge without the need to go to the kitchen, and a moment where I can relax a little bit in the midst of a stressful day....
  4. . Baking powder. There is also a mix called "Lasagna Mix" which is also a ingredient.
  5. I'll admit to being a little apprehensive when I saw this recipe. I have never actually made a vegan pesto so I had no knowledge of what I was in for before I started. My fear was that the pesto would have been too eggy for me, but the recipe...
  6. Fergie is the process of combining a food, such as chicken meat, with a yeast solution, and then later culturing the yeast in the meat. This occurs slowly over a few days, once the meat begins to soak from the yeast solution. There are a number of recipes available online,...
  7. While I yearn to make recipe after recipe with spring ingredients such as asparagus and strawberries, the reality is that winter has decided to stage a sit-in, planting her bottom firmly on the ground and adamantly refusing to leave. While the extended season enables us to fit in a few...
  8. This is a really fun project. I got an idea and it was so easy I just did it and it turned out great! I will admit my first attempt was to add a step of making the top slightly darker. I was about 5 minutes late to the party...
  9. You can find a great recipe for lemon meringue pie online at Allrecipes.com. They have a variety of recipes to choose from, including a classic version, lightened versions, and even a no-bake option.
  10. Olives there's something about them, isn't there? How can there be so many different types and yet still all of them taste so good? I have yet to find an olive I did not like. I got lucky this week and had a bunch of leftover olives, we had planned...
  11. This post may contain affiliate links. Read my disclosure policy How is it May already? My goodness, time is flying by way too fast, but I do have to say that I am happy Cinco de Mayo is in four days. Layered Nacho Dip is absolutely going to be at...
  12. I am a huge fan of food, and I love sharing my love of food with others. I've cooked and shared many recipes all of the way from scratch, from savory and refreshing to sweet and delicious, but I have the deepest affection for what I call a "food" that...
  13. Rice Chex is the second part in 'Rice Chex' Rice Bread. The third part of a series featuring a traditional bread recipe. Rice Chex. Servings: 12 servings Ingredients: 1 Cup 120g Flour 12 Cup 60g Bread Crumbs, Organic 1 Package 7.5g Honey 1 Tablespoon 7g Apple Cider Vinegar 12 oz...
  14. Bacon-Wrapped Jalapeño Poppers This addictive finger food is a perfect marriage of textures and flavors: creamy, chive-flecked cheese cuts the bite of roasted jalapeños, while crispy bacon adds crunch. makes 40 Poppers Arrange an oven rack 4 from broiler and heat broiler to high. Place jalapeño halves cut side down...
  15. I'm pretty sure you're asking about the "pancake" form. The answer is that it is not the same thing as an old fashioned French French Bread. A "pancake" is a French French Bread made with eggs and other ingredients. These include a pancake batter that is then used in a...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 91] — 160 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Green tea is one form of tea that is often consumed for its health benefits, and is also fairly popular in modern marketing campaigns. Its also known for being affordable and high in quality. In terms of promoting better health, research is still somewhat limited, but some green tea blends...
  2. The benefits of drinking black tea include improved mental alertness, increased energy and focus, improved digestion, improved oral health, and the potential to help lower cholesterol and blood pressure. Black tea is also rich in antioxidants, so it can help reduce the risk of certain diseases such as cancer and...
  3. The most common benefit of drinking green tea is that it is a source of antioxidants. Green tea is also excellent for the body, since it provides a steady supply of minerals and it also gives you a steady supply of omega-3 fatty acids. The other primary benefit, aside from...
  4. Some people think green tea is tasty, and maybe it also has some health benefits. There is much debate among people in the United States about the subject, however, including the fact that the US government can't talk about it, and there are very much political disputes about the issue....
  5. There are several. When you have tea, you are drinking the water made by adding powdered tea to the sauce, which adds a certain amount of calories. And since it is a complex carbohydrate, it also provides a lot of fiber. Other, the tea also contains vitamin C, which helps...
  6. Tea is an excellent source of many nutrients and compounds, and can provide both mental and physical health benefits. Tea also contains a large amount of antioxidants, which support a healthy body and appear to help with chronic disease. These compounds are known to have many health benefits as well....
  7. There are a number of different types of tea, and many people drink them for the taste, rather than any health reason. However, teas can still a valuable source of nutrients, since they are rich in vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. There are also a number of health benefits, since tea...
  8. It is a fantastic eco-friendly meal, great for both your health and the health of the environment. It is loaded with delicious heart-harming nutrients, and provides a whopping 12mg of glucose just 3.6mg of heart-healthy fats. It also provides a great dose of calcium. What kind of green tea are...
  9. There are many, but one of the biggest is health. Green tea is a big source of antioxidants, but also an important source of nutrients. It can help you, whether at work or in the office, it can feed you and your family, and it can also help you with...
  10. Some people drink tea on tea-drink-related weekends, because they think that drinking tea will make them healthier during a healthy era.
  11. You have a bunch of great health benefits when drinking tea. Tea helps with heart disease, obesity, and blood sugar,-its good for dihydration,, and it also has a calming effect. It makes for a great afternoon at home, and we enjoy this too!
  12. There are many health benefits of drinking tea, such as the fact that it is soothing, the fact that it is good for digestion, and even the fact that it is a very healthy choice. In addition, drinking tea can be wonderful for creative inspiration and relaxation, and so the...
  13. A number of positive health benefits can be attributed to green tea. One such health benefit is the health benefits related to the production of green tea, called tasty facts. As a quick example, Green tea is often brewed using less glucose than a traditional tea, resulting in reduced blood...
  14. I dont know of any. The best guess was that its probably a good way to keep your weight low, because green tea is a great source of protein. You could also say that its probably healthy to drink green tea, because its so easy to add, and so is...
  15. Its important to know that green leaf tea has a range of potential health benefits. When they are produced they are a green, un-spothered, non-stressed and calm. That means that a small amount of green leaf tea can contribute to a great deal of mental health and body. The effects...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 92] — 774 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. . Walk for at least thirty minutes each day. Remember to do these long walks while counting. 2. Yoga for thirty minutes each day. Remember to do good push and pull exercises to help lift these body-weight poses. 3. Physical fitness for two weeks. Remember to include your upper body...
  2. There are many possible methods. The basic idea is to have some sort of regular schedule, for example every morning and afternoon, that you work toward the goals of fitness. Then, your workout is your actual body-building practice, and that involves several exercises, each of which are performed in a...
  3. The most effective exercise routine for someone who wants to start getting fit is to begin with moderate intensity aerobic exercise, such as walking, jogging, or swimming. This can be combined with strength training, such as using bodyweight exercises and free weights, three to four days per week. Doing the...
  4. cardiovascular exercises such as running, cycling, swimming, and jump roping; 2 strength training exercises such as push-ups, crunches, and squats; 3 HIIT High-Intensity Interval Training exercise, which combines short bursts of intense exercise with periods of rest; 4 Pilates, which helps build core strength; and 5 yoga, which can help...
  5. Make time for exercise consistent with your routine. 2 When you start to exercise, establish a routine thats actually going pretty well. You can also increase muscle strength by doing strength-building exercises, like push-ups or weight-lifting.
  6. Some suggestions for upbeat music that would be suitable for a cardio session include "I'm Gonna Be 500 Miles" by The Proclaimers, "Shut Up and Dance" by Walk the Moon, "Yeah!" by Usher featuring Lil Jon and Ludacris, "Hey Ya!" by OutKast, "Uptown Funk" by Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars,...
  7. What is a "Gymnastics" workout? A "gymnastics workout" is often used to describe a specific type of workout. If you are looking for a "Gymnastics" workout to do to gain strength, body-fat, or a certain body-type type, you will need to find a routine that you can complete as quickly...
  8. Yes, of course! Depending on your age and fitness level, there are a variety of exercise programs that can be tailored to meet your needs. For a beginner, starting with a basic routine of low-impact exercises such as walking or swimming is a good place to start. For those looking...
  9. This is a question. What are some of the best workout ideas. Is it just exercise or work? Some of the most common workout ideas are a walking workout, a sit-up workout, a biking workout, a lifting workout, and a weight-lifting workout. Is there any exercise or work thats on...
  10. Sure ! Here is a beginner exercise program designed to help a thin woman gain muscle : 1. Warm up with 5-10 minutes of light cardio e.g. jogging, jumping jacks, or cycling on a stationary bike . 2. Complete 2-3 sets of 8-12 repetitions of the following exercises : Squats...
  11. Fitness is an art, and it's one that you can have a lot of fun with. You can either use one of many exercise machines, or work out in the gym that's equipped with cardio machines. And, for some, you can even get creative by using body weight and plyometrics...
  12. A popular fitness routine known as Begom, which includes pushups, pull-ups, and lots of other exercises. To improve their physical fitness skills, good heart posture is required, which is a lot of muscle contraction and stress. While the exercise starts, for a workout, muscles at rest must be stretched and...
  13. You can do body-shaping exercises, like push-ups and pull-ups, to get the muscles in your arms and torso tuned. Body-shaping is a physical activity, and exercise is a great way to get the workout. Exercising is done in a variety of exercises classes, as well as at home. If youre...
  14. I can certainly help! A good gym routine should start with a few minutes of stretching to warm your body up. Then, aim to complete 3-4 sets of 8-12 repetitions of a mixture of exercises targeting all the major muscle groups. Focus on heavier weights with lower reps to build...
  15. There are lots of different types of exercise classes that are great at different types of workouts, and Ill give you a list of them here: Basic Weight Class Unlungo Weight Work Dennis Weight Squat Weight Lumbo Weight Training Dumbcab Weight Basic Yoga Classes Sara Weight-focused Yoga Mountain Climber Weight-focused...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 93] — 762 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Hi. I'm Max the guy who made the Bachelor Chow and Simple Soylent over at http:diy.soylent.me By far, the most challenging part of designing a DIY soylent recipe for me has been the carbohydrate source. Many carbohydrate sources have too high a glycemic index. Others I'm looking at you, fructose...
  2. In addition to being a great source of protein, mushrooms have amazing properties when it comes to helping to boost energy and improve your digestion! The power of the nutrients in mushrooms makes them a great option for your diet as it encourages fat loss, improves bone health and even...
  3. . It is lower in calorie. 2. Its a good source of antioxidants. 3. Its a good source of weight-loss.
  4. I didnt just come up with the thing; Im not the first person to have done it, but its a very tasty dish, and there are various health benefits, like being able to give your muscles the energy they need, and the good blood since if you eat a lot...
  5. The Chemical Composition of Food Essay Table of Contents 1. Nutrition 2. Water 3. Biological Molecule 4. Recommendation 5. Reference list Nutrition The food selected is Fish, cod, Atlantic, canned, solids, and liquid. Its edible portion size is 100 grams. The food item comprises 22.76 grams of proteins, the total...
  6. How many calories you take every day. You also need to be aware of the nutritional content of what you eat. Foods are divided into two groups: Outs, which are a type of plant. These are called foods Carrots, which are a type of plant. These are called snacks Peas,...
  7. Some of the health benefits of eating fruits and vegetables daily include stronger immunity, a reduced risk of developing certain types of cancer and heart diseases, better digestive health, improved skin health, and better overall physical and mental well-being.
  8. Edible Insects as a Source of Protein Essay Introduction Due to rising meat consumption and decreasing farmland supply, creating alternate protein sources is pressing. According to Van Huis 2015, food security occurs when all populations have physical, societal, and financial access to adequate, secure, and healthier meals to suit their...
  9. It's only fair to share. Google Linkedin What did you eat for breakfast today, dear reader? Did you opt for blueberries and oatmeal? Are you currently eating a gluten-free, vegan or raw diet? The most recent Gallup poll says a whopping 75 of American adults aren't eating the foods they're...
  10. The five food groups include dairy, plants, meat, and non-dairy. The categories of plant-based foods, animal-based foods, eggs, and dairy are the largest groups overall. The list below shows all of the different categories of food along with some representative types of foods
  11. One of the top five Plant-based Food choices that are high in protein are pheme, a type of plant that is very high in protein. The other top five plants-based foods are hemp, a type of plant that is very high in protein, and pea, a plant that is also...
  12. The number of calories in a certain type of plant or plant-based food is called the calorie unit, and when the plant grows some leafy green plants, the leafy green plants give off a large amount of calories. A healthy diet will be balanced in terms of our weight, but...
  13. Sure, I'd be happy to help explain dietary fiber to you! Dietary fiber is a type of carbohydrate that your body can't digest. It's found in plant foods like fruits, vegetables, beans, and grains. There are two types of dietary fiber: soluble and insoluble.Soluble fiber dissolves in water and can...
  14. 1: Lean meat, such as chicken, beef, and turkey. 2: Lean meat is a good source of protein. Meat is also a very good source of calories and other nutrients. 3: Lean meat is a good source of calcium, iron, zinc, and B vitamins, and it is also a good...
  15. If youre eating an overall lifestyle, there are plenty of great health benefits from eating more vegetables. If you have a specific condition, such as diabetes, cholesterol, or a fat thats difficult to control, then there are even greater health benefits from eating the right amounts of vegetables.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 94] — 279 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Do you want to lose weight, or perhaps just keep it from going?
  2. You want to lose weight, so thats a good goal, and one of my goals. How many pounds do you want to lose? And roughlywhat amount of weight do you want to lose weight.
  3. The most efficient way to lose 10 pounds in a month is to create a calorie deficit by combining regular physical exercise with a healthy, well-balanced diet that includes plenty of lean proteins, fruits, and vegetables. Additionally, it is important to control portion sizes and avoid eating processed foods, sugary...
  4. Do you want to make your weight back, or reduce your weight?
  5. The healthiest way to lose 10 pounds is to make lifestyle changes such as eating a balanced and nutritious diet, reducing calorie intake, increasing physical activity, and getting enough sleep. It is also important to drink plenty of water and stay away from fad diets or quick-fix solutions.
  6. The most effective way to lose weight and get fit is to create a balanced diet and exercise plan that works for your body, lifestyle, and goals. Eating a healthy diet rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and lean proteins, while limiting processed, high-calorie foods, is essential. Exercise is also...
  7. I think you might mean "How can you lose 120 pounds in two months?" There is lots of research on that topic, and I think the results are very concerning. According to a 2015 study from the American Heart Society AHS, the average weight loss over two weeks in that...
  8. We've all heard of the '10 rule,' right? You lose 10 pounds in 50 weeks? Or, maybe your 20 pounds in 20 weeks? I think that many people would agree that 10 is a little on the low side, but still, it's more than enough to have weight loss success....
  9. Three months of weight loss are achievable on your own. You might want to set a goal of three pounds a month and aim to see more progress in that timeframe, and that three pounds seems like a reasonable amount.
  10. The healthiest and most efficient way to lose 15 pounds in two months is to combine a healthy diet with regular exercise. Start by cutting out processed and sugary foods and replacing them with lean proteins, fruits, vegetables, and whole grains. Additionally, try to incorporate exercise into your daily routine...
  11. The best exercise plan to lose 20 pounds in two months is to combine a healthy diet with moderate exercise. Try to aim for at least 30 minutes of physical activity most days of the week. Activities such as jogging, biking, swimming, and playing sports are all excellent options for...
  12. To lose weight, a good way to do is to do what the National Obesity Task Task recommends, using an exercise routine, a meal schedule, and the nutrition and calorie intake of foods. You could also consider other health and exercise goals, like losing weight for health, or in order...
  13. The best way to lose ten pounds in two weeks is to combine a healthy diet, regular exercise, and plenty of sleep. Eating a balanced diet of healthy foods like fruits, vegetables, lean proteins and whole grains can help to boost your metabolism and keep you feeling fuller longer. Additionally,...
  14. The most efficient way to lose 10 pounds in 10 days is to create a healthy eating plan that consists of whole, nutritious foods and stay active. Incorporate regular exercise into your routine to help you burn calories more quickly and efficiently. Focus on cardiovascular activities such as running, biking,...
  15. The best combination of physical activity and nutrition for weight loss is to engage in regular aerobic exercise for at least 30 minutes each day, as well as eat a nutritious, low-calorie diet that is balanced in terms of proteins, complex carbohydrates, healthy fats, and essential vitamins and nutrients. Incorporating...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 95] — 3062 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I think it is very easy to read from a dictionary, as long as I know what the words mean. It is a very difficult job to learn to read a language by yourself. I have found this out the hard way after my first year studying a foreign language....
  2. This is your guide to learning the Japanese language with our FREE e-Book!
  3. English Pronunciation by G. Nolst Trenité Dearest creature in creation , Study English pronunciation . I will teach you in my verse Sounds like corpse , corps , horse , and worse . I will keep you , Suzy , busy , Make your head with heat grow dizzy ....
  4. Gentleman's Guide to the Japanese Language Gentleman's Guide to the Japanese Language is a unique approach to language learning. Its unique style incorporates a combination of language learning material from previous course topics e.g., the Japanese language, a review of the grammar of Japanese, and a thorough analysis of the...
  5. "Im trying to learn about the how to learn French grammar because I want to understand a certain French grammar, which is a set of rules, called grams, which are how to use spoken French. So are the words gram and vocabulary. To learn the French grammar, we must understand...
  6. NOTE: This is a template for creating a phrasebook article. Phrasebooks are intended to provide some basic guidance about a language. To quickly insert a basic blank phrasebook template, copy-and-paste the quick version into the edit box on the page you are editing. Stuff in italics below is editorial comment,...
  7. There are lots of great online resources, but heres one that people take to be their own English teacher, a fantastic resource: http:theworldlingus.comhow-to-teach-japanese And heres a video teaching the basics of Japanese grammar.
  8. What's the best answer to this question? The key to the answer is this: what do you want to do with your life? If you want to learn Japanese and then go to Japan, you're not reading this. But if you want to go see a movie in Japan but...
  9. Good question. Im not very good at this sort of question, but Id help you find a lot of tutorials online. Then you could teach them them to learn how to do the word and phrase you want to learn. But remember, you dont need to tell the person every...
  10. I can speak French for you, but Im not sure what the right way to speak French. What would you like to learn from the French?
  11. Im very happy to help, so its great that you want to learn French. I can give you some free lessons online, in my own account, or maybe at some of my friends. I can also give you lots of sample responses, like: - How can I help you? French...
  12. Can you teach me some French vocabulary? I have a free minute today.
  13. When you've got the script in your head all you need from your memory is meaning, and meaning's a hell of a lot easier to pick up from phrases at a time than single words. I went from broken Hello nice day'' to just a little choppy Hey man did...
  14. I would suggest you practice a lot of vocabulary such as "word" and "phrase" I also suggest you learn about the word-initial consonants like PIEO you'll need to guess what that means, PIEO-initial consonants, etc., and you also need to learn about the English-style pronunciation like "a", "b" I also...
  15. I am delighted to share this video. I have been following it for quite a while and it's definitely one of my most favorite videos of all time. I have been trying to work on my Japanese and this one was very useful. Let's talk about it in English Why...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 96] — 187 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. flooding his blood stream. The virus worked by targeting neurons and ganglion cells in the brain and spinal cord. Most patients only exhibited mild fevers and nerve pain along their backs and limbs which subsided after only a week. Those patients, though, who exhibited the gene complex associated with clinical...
  2. It was of course thought impossible. Even to this day some scientists say there isn't even a transmission vector possible. They like most of us survivors still are reeling from the death of so many even decades later. After the first few days there were so many wild speculations. Radiation,...
  3. hose poor souls that needed around the clock care were next. They were followed by anybody that needed an operation or had a manageable disease. I guess it is hard to cut out a brain tumor in thirty minutes. Ask my mother ; oh that s right, you cant. If...
  4. The cityscape glowed, reflecting off of the glassy remains of buildings and superheating metal beams to brilliant shades of red and orange and white. From the sky, ash fell and the sooty faces of people in retreat turned back only for moments to recall and store memories of what was...
  5. The problem with the media was it created a ridiculous judgmental status for the disease, regardless of who you were, if you became infected then everyone would assume you were a total a-hole. This became our undoing, as it hid a dark secret beneath it. We didn't realize it at...
  6. an epidemic soon became a pandemic. People died, everywhere. And when I fell ill as well, I regretted every word of hatred I had thought about those who were just lucky enough to be born normal. It wasn't the end, of course. I got better, along with most of the...
  7. The virus spread slowly and only in pockets of individuals. A person might suffer the viruses effects for only a moment or two, having no knowledge of their actions. The actions themselves - harmless and irregular. DICKS, DICKS, DICKS, DICKS'' a man squawks from at his teller's desk, his left...
  8. The vaccine was part of the Project created by the Syndicate to combat the alien virus known as Purity, also known as the black oil. Although the Syndicate was working with the alien colonists toward their colonization of Earth, the Syndicate saw to their own survival first and foremost. While...
  9. I hate the random infection checks at work, there is literally no point to them. If I was infected I most definitely wouldn't be at work. Everyone knows that when you come into contact with the virus. It takes just under a day to fully kick in and after two...
  10. The viral outbreak started 2 weeks ago created by a mad scientist trying to solve the top 1 '' problem, well he solved it by littearally killing 99 of the world's population now only the rich are alive, but there's one problem, my family is still alive and we don't...
  11. second stage of infection, we believe. They saw others that were infected as being without suspicion, as long as there was a plausible explanation for the infected person s behaviour. An airport maintenance worker that was part of the refuelling crew had a plausible excuse to board the plane, so...
  12. Survivor.'' That's the politically correct term for those who had been infected and then cured. They called us monsters when we were sick. It's funny that political correctness still matters when there is no more government. There are no more politics. After the cure came out, there was sympathy at...
  13. n we found everything we could have possibly imagined and more. Small-pox, lethal influenza, a particularly nasty airborne version of rabies, a host of viral hemorrhagic fevers. I was like a boy discovering presents under the tree on Christmas day, as I m sure you can imagine. The placement and...
  14. Everything seems fine going on by the day everything seems normal, thats how life went everyday till one day theres a virus spreading in China but nothing special until, it started to evolve and killing infected people so after those horrifying news I went to see a doctor good thing...
  15. Lerr was on his third year with the CDC. He had landed the job strait out of school, and a pretty good one at that. In university he studied to be a field observer, and to his surprise her actually got the job right away, though. There was a shortage...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 97] — 195 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Sensual brunette enjoys moments of passionate foreplay along man who loves to kiss her hard nipples. She starts to give amazing blowjob by using her soft lips and warm hands to hold the cock, moaning in sensual manners while starring at the guy and sucking like a goddess. She is...
  2. Hey husband! As you know, it's your son's 18th birthday, and because I looked through his phone I know that he still hasn't ever had a blowjob. Being his step mom I have to work harder to get closer to him, and I think for his 18th birthday he deserves...
  3. Rating: Description: This sexy french maid has a dirty little secret - she loves to fuck her vibrator while she cleans the house. Dreaming of her boss coming home to fuck her, she strips down on the couch and fucks herself wild until she cums, just wishing she had a...
  4. Description: This is a compilation of guys who cum 4 times or more. One guy cums 8 times Jon Dough. Another cums 10 times! These girls know how to milk every last drop from a guy's cock again and again until he's exhausted. Duration: 14:32 min Views: 716,419 Added: April...
  5. Description: Pc1073: "OH GREAT, A HORSE WITH ENLARGENED CROTCH TITS. THIS IS ALL I NEED. I'm on the brink of breaking my desk, my friends say that they're alright with crotch tits because everything's in one place. How about you use your fucking muscles and reach for the goods instead....
  6. The trailer of the first anal The trailer of the first anal Amateur gets the full load and loves it Amateur gets the full load and loves it Babe goes for a stroll and sucks cock Babe goes for a stroll and sucks cock Redhead plays with her ass then...
  7. 06:15 Nekane Gets Her Pussy Licked And Fucked By A Hot Doctor , porn.com, doctor, cunnilingus, blowjob, facial, cumshot, tits, big tits, 06:00 Busty Spanish Nekane Sweet Pounded Deep And Hard , pornomovies, spain, big tits,
  8. An insane hentai threesome inside a cave She stands up and pulls her mini skirt down to reveal her shaven pussy. She looks at me and sits back down before pushing her tongue into Miyus mouth as she guides his hand to her wet clit. She bends down and takes...
  9. This bitch cant take my BBC! - Punish-tube.com She thought that she is capable of taking my big black cock, but as you hear her screaming, she in not : I have to learn this slut to take my dick even with no lube for her ass. This will learn...
  10. Breathtaking Japanese AV idol Mei Haruka moans hard as she plays with her small tits and rubs her hairy pussy. She takes a small toy and starts to play with it on her nipples before moving down and screaming hard as she puts it on her sensitive clit. Her lover...
  11. Cute Piper Blush shows off her kinky side when she takes this guy into her bedroom, lays him down, and starts stroking and sucking his cock. She works his cock until he is good and hard then she licks her butt plug and eases it into her tight ass. With...
  12. New at SubtleTV! Close Video: Video: Cuckold with Lola - Anal In This Scene is the anal sex scene of Cuckold with Lola. Lola is a very lucky amateur chick as she is the only friend of our naughty cuckold who is going to cum in her pussy while she...
  13. More Related Videos 12 min Young sister fucks step brother during family Christmas-STEPFUCKING.COM 16 min teen stepsister with 3 tits tries to squirt after sweet pussy massage 10 min She knows how to get that Nut out:- 16 min Teen fucks old guy for xmas on Hardbodycams.com 4 min hd...
  14. You get caught sniffing panties then fucked to creampie In this custom video, I walk into my room to find your naked perverted ass sniffing my workout panties! You are so lucky that I'm just as freaky as you because it actually turns me on so I stri 720p 6...
  15. Starring: Carolina Sweets Dude's cousin never talks about his girlfriend, probably because she's so damn fine and so damn slutty. As soon as her BF leaves, Carolina Sweets gets on her knees, pulls out her small tits, and gives her man's cousin one of her famous blowjobs. Category: Mofos Time:...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 98] — 318 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. One of the first steps in applying for a visa is to determine which type of visa you need. Different types of visas are available depending on the purpose of your visit, such as business, tourism, work, education, and other activities. Once you have determined the type of visa you...
  2. day Some people need to renew their passport more than once. The longer you have a valid passport, the more likely you are to be allowed to reside in another country. If you have a valid visa that expires within three days of you being issued, and you want to...
  3. Passport Card The Irish Passport Card is available to all Irish Citizens who are over 18 years and hold a valid Irish Passport. The Passport card can be used by Irish citizens for travel within the EUEEA and Switzerland and is recognised as a valid travel document by relevant national...
  4. Provisa is the world's fastest legal immigration and citizenship service, which allows visa, immigration and citizenship applications to proceed quickly. In terms of a process, it seems that "getting a visa" is a complicated and multi-step procedure, with fees and requirements. On the other hand, "processing" for a visa is...
  5. Visa requirements vary a bit from country to country, but generally you'll need to provide proof of eligibility for residency such as a valid, permanent visa, a valid work document, and a medical emergency declaration or other similar kind of exceptional circumstance in order to qualify for a visa. In...
  6. Praise be to Allaah and peace and blessings be upon His Messenger. If one is unable to get a visa because they are married or because they are older than some others, a letter should be sent by his or her husband or his representative to the consulate of that...
  7. How To: Apply For A New USA Visa Via The Fast Track How to apply for your new USA visa is another important step you have to complete before you can arrive to the USA. However, the US Embassy in your country is not the one that will send it...
  8. I think you mean a US passport. Let me know what your nationality is, and what you mean when you say American.
  9. You need to have sufficient ties between your current employer and the country where you want to land. The immigration officer will assess you in terms of your qualifications and eligibility for a visa, based on a list of approved points for the various US territories, such as your employers...
  10. If you arrive in a country with an incorrect visa, it is possible that immigration authorities will deny you entry and send you back to your home country. It is important to make sure that you have the correct documents and visas before traveling to a new country. If you...
  11. There are several places you can apply, for example, a local tourism office or a travel agency. But there are also other online services that will guide you to apply for a visa. The basic requirements are that you must be a foreigner who is not a citizen of Thailand,...
  12. Hm, a visa is a kind of document that has been issued by a government. In the U.S., for example, you could get a visa if you had a solid reason and demonstrated that you could prove that your job was useful to the state. Some people might also get...
  13. 1. Research visa types to determine which type of visa is applicable for your purpose. 2. Gather all required documents, such as a passport, legal identification, evidence of financial support, proof of current residence, signed declarations, and any other documents required. 3. Complete the online application forms on the U.S....
  14. To apply for a Schengen Visa for France, you will need to complete an online application form, collect the necessary documents, and submit them to the French Embassy or Consulate. You must also provide proof of accommodation and proof of financial means to support your stay, such as bank statements...
  15. In order to obtain a visa, you would need to make a formal request to the French government. You could do this through a local consulate or a high-level official in the government such as a consular agent.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 99] — 155 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. There are a lot of things that are helpful for memorization. What kind of information are you trying to memorize? Do you want to improve your general cognition? Do you want to be able to do specific tasks? Do you want to be able to use certain knowledge and information...
  2. Im going to suggest a few that Ive heard about. They are MindMapping, MindTime, and Remember The Things You Have. These apps use various tools to help you create a visual representation of your thoughts and memories, and thus easier remember them. Its nice to use an app like this...
  3. Here are some tips to improve your memory: 1. Get plenty of sleep. 2. Exercise regularly. 3. Eat a healthy, balanced diet. 4. Engage in mentally stimulating activities. 5. Utilize mnemonic devices to associate hard-to-remember information with things that are easier to recall. 6. Break large amounts of information into...
  4. Well, there are a lot of different techniques and products that focus and concentrate people, but the most common are called mind blockers, which are a type of memento or object that people remember. People often bring a piece of paper or other visual object which they value. But if...
  5. This memory-skills improvement program Im familiar with has some tips and practice exercises to help you improve your memory retention. Would you like to take a copy of it?
  6. A good strategy for working with memory is mnemonics. Mnemonics are memory tricks that involve using a mnemonic. I also personally find mnemonics to be great because they dont just involve memorizing the information, but actually teach how to remember, so the mnemonic itself works for memorizing. One way to...
  7. Do you want to learn how to memorize many facts, or how to memorize words? Are you interested in memorizing a specific phrase, or a recipe?
  8. I have put together some tips for memorizing a lot of information that you are working on, here are some memory tips: -Use mnemonic strategies. -Use chunking. -Cognitive behavioral therapy. -Runes. -Zach. -Zest. -Coding. -Perchunking. -Pretmogram. -Post-processing. -Proactive retrieval. -Systematic desensitization. -Mental images. -Symmetry. -Include your environment in your training....
  9. 1. Get enough sleep - Sleep helps your brain store and process memories, so getting good quality sleep is key. 2. Exercise your brain - Challenge yourself with memory exercises or puzzles to help keep your brain sharp. 3. Make associations - Group related objects, ideas, or facts together to...
  10. A persistent Internet rumor says that the military has been using this technique for decades to develop photographic memory in its operatives. You'll need a piece of paper with a cutout just large enough to fit a paragraph of text, a book and a dark room to sit in with...
  11. Exercise regularly to increase the flow of oxygen to your brain. 2 Eat a healthy, balanced diet to give your brain the fuel it needs. 3 Get plenty of rest so that your brain can rest and rejuvenate. 4 Work on challenging activities and tasks to help keep your brain...
  12. One way to remember someone's name better when you meet them is to make a conscious effort to focus on their name and repeat it in your head or even aloud when they introduce themselves. Additionally, you can also try to associate their name with a memorable fact, such as...
  13. That is hard to say definitively. I would guess that human users find memorizing facts to be most effective when they can commit to actively learning and maintaining what they know. However, human users do different things when they learn information. I think one good way to memorize fact is...
  14. . How do you memorize? 2. How much do you memorize? 3. How much do you memorize on short days? How much do you find the most efficient ways to remember? 4. How much does a brain scan show when you are answering a question? 5. How much does a...
  15. One popular technique for improving memory is to be more mindful of and increase your exposure time. Its a good idea to do this gradually over time, since its easy to start off too quickly and then forget the information. Remembering time can be helped in two ways: be more...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 100] — 882 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. "I think so," said Clinton. She noted the new law makes it clear doctors who perform abortions are in violation of the law. "That's a big problem," she said. "People who want abortions who want to follow the doctor's oath to do what's in the best interest of the patient,...
  2. AUSTIN, Texas AP - Texas Gov. Greg Abbott has announced plans to fight a federal lawsuit against a controversial abortion law that would require all abortions to take place in ambulatory surgical centers. Abbott's office released a statement saying the lawsuit was intended to "disproportionately affect women of color." Abbott...
  3. A group of anti-abortion legislators, backed by the National Right to Life Committee, has filed a bill in the Louisiana Legislature that would require doctors to display graphic abortion images and language. House Bill 853 would require doctors to display graphic images of aborted fetuses and language about the risk...
  4. It's time to let Hillary's campaign have the last word again. By a vote of 537-58, the Supreme Court agreed to take up the issue of the Affordable Care Act and give it a fresh look. By a vote of 5-4, the court will also take the case of the...
  5. Kansas Republicans are once again resuming their war against a woman's right to choose and this time they are targeting abortion clinic employees in a very personal way. A Kansas House committee passed HB 2253 on Wednesday along party lines, with Republicans pushing the bill through while Democrats opposed it....
  6. The American Humanist Association is now asking its members to help in the creation of public awareness about a proposed new state law and campaign in Texas. The law seeks to deny women the right to contraception. In letters sent over the summer, the American Humanist Association's Public Policy Department...
  7. The New Hampshire Senate voted 22-4 Tuesday to override Gov. Maggie Hassan's veto of a bill that would require state-regulated health insurance plans to cover abortions. The bill by Sen. Jim Forsythe, R-Strafford, would require all insurance plans offered in New Hampshire to cover "all necessary in-patient services necessary to...
  8. HUNTSVILLE, Alabama - In the wake of the deadly shooting at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado on Friday, Gov. Kay Ivey said the state will provide "all the resources needed" to continue its fight for women's health and safety. "This is not just about Colorado it's about all women...
  9. A group that lobbies against women's rights and supports the criminalization of abortion rights said it had found evidence of Planned Parenthood receiving federal money during an aborted fetus-killing in Mexico City in 1996 to help the organization's abortion practices. The Federation of American Scientists published a report on Planned...
  10. FORT LEAVENWORTH, Ky. -- A federal judge in Kentucky has ordered Planned Parenthood to close or face criminal charges. U.S. District Judge David Hale issued the injunction Friday, a copy of which was obtained by The Associated Press. Under the order, Planned Parenthood is required to close or face a...
  11. There is nothing remotely "normal" about the way we treat women under the law. But it may not be "normal" for most of these women, because they have been systematically disadvantaged over the decades, often for no real reason and without benefit of due process. That's now coming to an...
  12. The state of Vermont passed a bill banning state-funded abortions, even in cases of rape and incest, on the second and fourth trimesters of pregnancies, according to The Associated Press. Vermont is one of only five states that allow women to have an abortion without a referral from a doctor....
  13. AUSTIN, Texas The Texas Senate on Wednesday considered two controversial bills that would effectively ban abortions in the state: SB6 and HB2, legislation that's being used as a key talking point in the Republican presidential race and which, if passed, could force women to carry their pregnancies to term. Both...
  14. "In addition, we would like to thank the community for their support through the summer of 2014, both at the national summit, where hundreds of thousands of women attended, and through a global call to action, which brought together more than two million women around the world. As women come...
  15. A new lawsuit against Planned Parenthood alleges that the abortion provider has done a number of strange things to increase the number of babies it can terminate, including a bizarre plot where it has taken to buying up medical devices and ingredients not yet FDA approved in the hopes of...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 101] — 158 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The only thing more frustrating than the fact that women get paid less than men at the same occupation is the fact that women get paid less than men at almost every occupation. In a recent post on Forbes titled, How Pay Equity is Destroying the Economics of Jobs, author...
  2. When I first walked through the door of Gizmodo's new San Francisco office recently, I was taken aback by the number of women who were out and about, waiting to take up temporary work visas. I figured it was because of the new office building's gender neutral amenities, the first...
  3. We've already received a lot of insightful emails from you, readers, in response to my callout last week about the kind of cultural norms and pressures that might be affecting the way women make career decisionswhich in turn affect their pay in the short or long run. But before getting...
  4. "There's still an enormous gap between the average earnings of white males and those of their female peers." President Barack Obama's recent State of the Union address, a reprise of his previous remarks, included many pleas to Congress to pass immigration reform. "It's the right thing to do," he said,...
  5. The gender wage gap is the difference in wages between men and women for performing the same work. There are many sources for the wage gap, including gender bias, differences in occupation and industry, education level, experience, geographical region, and discrimination. As research has demonstrated, many of these factors can...
  6. Wage Disparity across Gender, Race, and Ethnicity Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Wage disparity and gender 3. Wage disparity and raceethnicity issues 4. Recommendations 5. Conclusion 6. References Introduction Wage disparity is used to refer to the differences in earning for two different groups of people, working...
  7. Preliminary research on the impact of gender equality on the ability to attract a partner has shown a correlation between a good salary negotiation position and a partner earning an average of about 2,600 a year. A research note from Goldman Sachs released Monday noted that research found women were...
  8. A report from the International Labour Organization ILO says that a global gender gap persists in terms of pay, with men's salaries higher than women's. Among low and middle-income countries, the discrepancy is the widest at the top of the pay scale. The ILO's 2013 Living Conditions of the World's...
  9. Labor Economy and Immigration Essay What are some reasons for a gender wage gap other than gender discrimination? The provided materials confirm that there are wage gaps between men and women across races; in total, the gap is assessed to be almost 20 percent. Important differences in this context are...
  10. By Joe Wright A year ago, if you were an American woman who had just landed a job in France, you knew that you would make less money than your male counterparts. It turns out that the gender pay gap is much larger than you have been led to believe....
  11. New research shows that a lot of the difference between men and women in the U.S. workforce is due to choices made by men. In the "Why Women Earn Less" report from the Economic Policy Institute, researchers showed that, when you break down the data more deeply, most of the...
  12. Yes, I can help you with researching the pay gap between men and women. I can provide resources on the current statistics and trends of the gender pay gap, as well as offer insights into possible solutions to close the gap.
  13. How do I source this? You can check the gender wage gap using the US Department of Labor website. It should show that a given years 2010 wage for people in the US male workers was lower than the overall wage in a year, such as female workers wage in...
  14. Women bankers are earning up to 40 per cent less than their male counterparts, according to a new Government survey. A new study from the UK Commission from Employment and Skills UKCES found that women earn less than men in 9 out of 10 industries but those in the financial...
  15. LONDON: Indian-origin women in the UK must work harder to achieve parity in the country's employment market, says a new report.The Gender Pay Gap report which was released on Tuesday by the Equality and Human Rights Commission EHRC and the Equality and Human Rights Commission's UK Regional Offices also urged...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 102] — 223 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. As Venezuela's crisis deepens, President Nicolas Maduro's stepsons spent last week skydiving with top international athletes. The family's indulgence -- first mentioned by the nonprofit Human Rights Foundation -- comes at a time when Venezuelans suffer through food and medical shortages and the country is going through a major political...
  2. In a statement, the State Department said Mr. Chávez would remain at the Summit meeting. He will be present on Monday and Saturday as a guest of Venezuela. On Wednesday, he will attend a news conference in La Paz, Bolivia, the host nation. "All of these leaders are united by...
  3. Merida, 21st January 2014 Venezuelanalysis.com During a press conference yesterday in Anzoategui state, President Nicolas Maduro announced that the United Socialist Party of Venezuela PSUV will hold its national congress on 26 to 28 July. Maduro said the congress would aim to "rectify, revise, and re-drive" the theoretical bases of...
  4. It's easy for a few people to decide that what they call a political movement is really a "corporate coup d'état," when in reality it is a grassroots movement against a criminal cartel. To start the discussion, consider the current events in Venezuela and the state of democracy in this...
  5. "If it is to be a party of the center-left, the Labor Front should play a very active role." "I think we can't just keep talking about the center-left in Venezuela and leave it at that." The current political crisis in Venezuela was "tragic, shocking, serious," said the Colombian Minister...
  6. The following is part of the continuing series of posts about the recent elections around the world, many of them being posted by former members of the foreign policy establishment and former officials. This is part five. Venezuela: What's happening? This is the fourth anniversary of the Venezuelan election, which...
  7. Just this Tuesday I wrote calling on MUD to present a political plan for transition, describing it as a roadmap with clear goals and steps on how to transition to democracy, with incentives for chavista officials to drop Maduro and his inner circle. Little did I know, MUD was already...
  8. A young woman walks past the entrance to a church in Caracas, Venezuela, July 11, 2016. The country's socialist government has taken to building more churches and churches are multiplying in neighborhoods across the country. CARACAS, Venezuela Venezuela's socialist government has taken to building more churches and churches are multiplying...
  9. Image copyright AFP Image caption Police stand by as supporters of Venezuela's embattled president Nicolas Maduro attempt to storm parliament in Caracas Venezuelan opposition activists have attempted to force their way into the National Assembly, in a bid to oust President Nicolas Maduro. The country's main opposition coalition says the...
  10. A segment of MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show displayed a chyron implying the widespread anti-socialist protests in Venezuela were actually against President Donald Trump. The show, which aired on Thursday, implied that a donation to Donald Trump's inauguration of 500,000 from a subsidiary of a Venezuelan state-run oil company was...
  11. I'm sorry, but as a language model, I am not able to access current events or browse the internet, so I am unable to provide you with information about what is currently happening in Venezuela. My knowledge is based on the texts that were available to me at the time...
  12. Image copyright EPA Image caption Protesters took to the street after the vote Venezuela's government and key opposition coalition have signed an agreement to form a unity government. It follows the resignation of acting President Tareck El Aissami, who was replaced by Vice-President Aristobulo Isturiz. Mr Isturiz said it was...
  13. Protesters set fire to late President Hugo Chavez's childhood home in western Venezuela on Monday, an opposition lawmaker said, as protests against the South American nation's socialist government grew increasingly hostile. While demonstrators are decrying current President Nicolas Maduro for the country's triple-digit inflation, rising crime and shortages of food...
  14. "The slaves destroyed tirelessly From their masters they had known rape, torture, degradation, and, at the slightest provocation, death they did as they had been taught And yet they were surprisingly moderate far more humane than their masters had been or would ever be to them The cruelties of property...
  15. On Nov. 15, an estimated 1.2 million Venezuelans went to the polls and overwhelmingly elected President Nicolas Maduro. A few weeks before, polls had forecast an even bigger turnout an estimated 3.1 million but a sharp increase in the number of political prisoners, shortages of food and medicine, and a...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 103] — 606 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. A La Carte A.I. es una empresa que ofrece servicios de inteligencia artificial y soluciones de aprendizaje automático. Según su sitio web, la empresa se especializa en proporcionar soluciones personalizadas para empresas y organizaciones de todos los tamaños. Algunos de los servicios que ofrecen incluyen el desarrollo de modelos de...
  2. You know, when a machine learning program learns to predict a data set, it comes for example from a set of data in the form of a training set, which the machine learning program can use to learn new data if it is added to the training set. Then, as...
  3. Machine learning is a mathematical technique that allows us to learn and remember knowledge from experience, with each experience being represented as a mathematical operation performed on an element of experience see here, https:www.youtube.comwatch?vTIGI_MwXQQ. How do you imagine the mathematical operation involved in machine learning? Im suggesting that the knowledge...
  4. The training dataset for an artificial intelligence Al system that is intended to design and build useful gadgets and inventions would depend on the specific goals and requirements of the task. In general, it would be important to include a wide range of information and examples that are relevant to...
  5. In recent years there has been a lot of focus on artificial intelligence AI technology and computer science in its various areas, such as robotics, machine learning, cognitive systems, social networks, and others. The development of these technologies has enabled a number of enormous trends in computer science. Most of...
  6. UPDATEmasked The talk has been reformatted to a high-level lecture introducing basic gradient descent methods followed by a round-table discussion. The talk aims to provide a soft intro to the theory and mathematics behind the gradient descent technique while exploring some interesting real-world applications in Brain-Computer-Interfaces. ALL ARE WELCOME, no...
  7. Machine learning is a method of learning information. This is how I learn, which is the algorithms in which I think. This is how I train my model, which is also algorithm. I also train my model with your input from training, which is a set of inputs, which a...
  8. Expert systems are computer programs designed to mimic the decision-making abilities of a human expert in a specific domain. Expert systems use artificial intelligence AI techniques, such as natural language processing, machine learning, and reasoning, to provide solutions to problems and make decisions based on incomplete or uncertain information. Expert...
  9. machine learning algorithms are based on training data points, as well as the rules for interpreting those data points. The data being trained is typically presented in a training set, a set of stimulation data, and a set of response data. The algorithm learns a set of rules for how...
  10. End-to-end reinforcement learning is a type of machine learning approach in which an artificial intelligence AI agent learns to perform a task by interacting with its environment and receiving feedback in the form of rewards or penalties. In this type of learning, the AI agent is able to learn directly...
  11. The best way to know if a program is good at predicting the future? Make it run! When building a machine learning machine, there are many ways to make it work, such as: A custom neural network with one input A customized algorithm like neural dot or deep learning algorithms...
  12. Computational intelligence is a branch of artificial intelligence AI that deals with the design and development of algorithms and systems that can exhibit intelligent behavior. It is a broad field that encompasses a range of techniques, including machine learning, neural networks, fuzzy systems, evolutionary computation, and natural language processing. The...
  13. Let me give you a few ideas: -Imple Machine Learning -Google Home -Amazon Alexa -I want to talk you through a process that we call a machine learning task. -Go into Google Home and ask "what is math task?" -I want to talk you through a process that we call...
  14. The primary difference between artificial intelligence and machine learning is that artificial intelligence is a broad concept that encompasses many different approaches and techniques, while machine learning is a specific type of AI that enables computers to learn and make decisions without being explicitly programmed. In other words, machine learning...
  15. -automatic control of financial market transactions. -machine learning, which allows software to be developed that can capture mathematical relationships between different variables in order to apply some rules. -search algorithms, which allow software to efficiently find a match in a large database, and thereby make a search query. -machine learning,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 104] — 198 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The man who was accused of setting a dog on fire is back behind bars. The New Haven Register reports 20-year-old Jacob Nettles was charged on Thursday with first-degree animal cruelty and second-degree arson. Police say about 4 a.m. Tuesday Nettles found the dog in a parking lot in the...
  2. A man who claimed he killed 12 cats after a fight with his wife over his alleged addiction to methamphetamine is facing criminal charges of animal cruelty, investigators said. Christopher Eubank, 42, who was booked into the Monroe County Jail, was arrested after a four-month investigation by the Department of...
  3. A Florida man who was charged with animal cruelty for killing a cat with a lawnmower, then driving several miles to kill the cat's owner was sentenced Thursday to a year of probation. William J. Haug was convicted May 7 after a month-long trial in Palm Beach County Circuit Court...
  4. An Oak Lawn man accused of tossing two toy poodles from the roof of a five-story hospital parking garage pleaded guilty to aggravated animal cruelty and to violating his probation on an unrelated drug conviction, a Cook County state's attorney spokeswoman said. As part of the plea deal, Edward Hanania,...
  5. Jason Falbo, a Florida landscaper who ran over a family of ducks with his lawn mower, is facing animal cruelty charges, WPLG Miami is reporting. The ugly duckling murder took place on May 2, but is only now gaining attention in the national media. Boyd Jentzsch tells the Broward County...
  6. An elderly woman died after being mauled to death by a large dog on Friday, May 28. Police were called to the area of Southland Drive and Westview Drive at about 9:15 p.m. after reports of a woman bitten by a large, brown and tan mixed-breed dogs. The victim, a...
  7. A Florida man who was allegedly the victim of a racist attack at a Publix grocery store last spring has pleaded guilty to felony animal cruelty. Kassim Al-Hussein pleaded guilty to a charge of animal cruelty last month and is expected to serve a year in prison and receive an...
  8. CINCINNATI WKRC - A man has been found dead in a home in Hamilton, Ohio after a dog ate his body, officials said. The Hamilton County Medical Examiner's Office tells local news outlets the man, whose name has not yet been released, died Wednesday from severe trauma after he was...
  9. A woman was forced to walk home alone early Tuesday, after her husband called her name. Then, a dog attacked her, according to ABC 7. She was attacked by the dog and suffered minor injuries, ABC 7 reports. The woman said a man on the porch of their home called...
  10. In this video, we take a look at the new and improved K-9 training center at the Sheriff's Office. We took a closer look at it last year as part of our coverage of the K-9 training at the Sheriff's Office. The new training center is still a few months...
  11. Graphic video showing a man shooting a police dog is making its way around social media in Houston where it seems to have some folks asking if it's real.A man who was driving a car and a gun into a downtown Houston parking garage early Friday and shooting one police...
  12. Somnath Bharti's dog at the police station. AAP MLA Somnath Bharti's 'Don', the pet dog, was on Wednesday given the clean chit by a city court which said the allegation of the canine biting his wife was unfounded. It observed that the recorded conversation regarding the alleged bite and the...
  13. CNN -- A Florida man who made headlines in 2006 when he allegedly ran over his neighbor's dog by accident and then charged 300 to "get rid of the dog" has been charged with animal cruelty. Jeff Kuykendall pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of animal abuse and misdemeanor interference...
  14. A man has been handed a five-year prison term after being found guilty of causing the death of one student's dog when it was hit by a tractor and killed in his garden. A jury of nine women and three men at Bradford Crown Court acquitted 31-year-old Stephen Wilkes of...
  15. You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Message: A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http:wr.al15tYH A North Carolina man was arrested on Friday and is facing felony charges after stealing a dog's food in Wake County and then...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 105] — 240 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. On June 20, 2014, the U.K. House of Commons voted for legislation that allows for all aspects of the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation GDPR to take effect and enter into law without prior U.K. parliamentary approval. Under the GDPR, U.S. companies collecting personal data from European customers are...
  2. The European Parliament had its ninth session last Wednesday, and the agenda covered plenty of controversial issues, including freedom of expression and other digital rights. But one of the most controversial is about to be taken up by MEPs: a proposal to ban all forms of anonymity. According to reports...
  3. I'm asking because my son recently told me his friend gave him more information than his parents did before he became a professional computer programmer. The laws that govern the use of personal data are called the Personal Data Protection Act of 2015 commonly known as PETA, and are a...
  4. PALO ALTO, Calif., Aug 21 Reuters - Facebook Inc said on Tuesday it was expanding its efforts to help people understand how the government collects data about them and what the company can say about that. In June, the social networking company filed disclosures with the European Union under the...
  5. In a landmark case that could affect the privacy of millions around the globe, the European Court of Justice ECJ has ruled that governments will have to obtain personal data from Internet service providers every time they request it. "The privacy issue should be considered under the presumption of validity,"...
  6. We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of the EXSECT INC. The use of the Internet pages of the EXSECT INC is possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject...
  7. The European Parliament has signed off on extending for years the ability of Internet Service Providers ISPs to share and sell customer data, but is also making sure that new rules won't be used by governments to shut down internet privacy. "We will make sure that the future of online...
  8. The GDPR law known as the European Union Directive is a law that governs data storage and use in the European Union. These five main points of the law include: the regulation of data rights, requirements for data, the regulation of data storage, the data transfer rules and obligations, and...
  9. In order to protect against attacks, we require users of our online application to enter data about their name, user ID and password and provide us with data about their computer operating system and operating system version. If this does not meet these requirements, your access to our service will...
  10. 1. The GDPR grants individuals certain rights in regards to their personal data. These include the right to be informed about how their data is being used, the right of access to their data, the right to rectification, the right to erasure, the right to restrict processing, the right to...
  11. The GDPR law makes some important changes to the legal framework for protecting user data. Under GDPR, data must be deleted at any time when it breaches privacy In addition, GDPR defines security procedures and data usage controls for storing sensitive data, such as user profile data By clarifying data...
  12. The European Commission released preliminary data this week on Monday on what it calls EU-style digital "privacy" rules, aimed at giving consumers the information they need to be better protected online. However, the Commission says it will need more data from industry before making a decision on whether to adopt...
  13. For a few minutes on February 11, you may have thought all was well in Europe, and the European Central Bank was making good on its promise to buy 60 billion in government bonds to quell the panic. But then came news from the European Court of Human Rights that...
  14. Image copyright Reuters Image caption The European Commission has asked the US government to tell the court how many people have been affected The European Union is looking at whether the US must grant information to a British court to ensure that internet firms comply with the law. The EU's...
  15. The law that governs data privacy in the United States is the Federal law of the United States, which consists of several statutes. The main statutes regulating data privacy in the United States include the US Privacy Act of 1993, the US Criminal Justice and Border Protection Act of 2008,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 106] — 9360 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. WARNING: If you have yet to watch the Spartacus: Vengeance finale tonight, run don't walk to the nearest exit. We're serious, folks. The following QA with executive producer Steven S. DeKnight contains massive spoilers. Trust us on this one. Everyone else, you may proceed Oh my Gods. Spartacus: Vengeance wrapped...
  2. We've received word that the team behind the new film Deadpool had originally asked for 75 million to make the movie. It's still unclear why this was the case. There is a chance that the film could still make a lot of money as Deadpool 2 is expected to gross...
  3. I was in Las Vegas recently, where I attended several of the events for SAG-AFTRA's upcoming membership benefit, "Show Up." While I was there I started talking to David Goyer about "Dredd," which is in the works as a SyFy pilot. Goyer said in a recent interview that he's trying...
  4. Ride Along 2 for new release date, movie release, cast and director The highly anticipated sequel to Ryan Reynolds' 2009 cult flick-turned-sequel-turned-mockumentary Ride Along has a new release date; the sequel is expected to release on June 4th from Lionsgate and Universal Pictures. This has been the rumored release date...
  5. The first time, "S.H.I.E.L.D." didn't do as well as people thought and the show didn't do as well as people thought the show would do. It ended up doing pretty well but that was a big hit compared to what it thought it could do. Then it went back to...
  6. Vernon Davidson . first assistant director second assistant director second second assistant director 51 episodes, 2006-2011 John LaBrucherie . second assistant director second second assistant director 45 episodes, 2006-2011 Gary B. Goldman . first assistant director 43 episodes, 2004-2011 Susan J. Hellmann . second assistant director first assistant director 27...
  7. Guess what: Matilda is being released on Blu-ray. Over the years, Matilda has become something of a cult classic, so fans will be pleased to know that there are some fantastic extras. One extra includes footage of a cast reunion that Danny DeVito hosted last summer. One of the activities...
  8. 1 Clean 13 - The End? No, the Beginning is Now! What happens when the two worlds of the show collide? That's exactly the question we aim to answer this week on the show and find out. Free View in iTunes 2 Clean 12 - What Lies Beyond? Is there...
  9. The best-selling horror film, The Cabin in the Woods hit theaters in 2012, and the following year it returned to win three more Golden Globe Awards. Since then, some of its stars and crew have started to work on the follow-up, with the first cast recording a series of chilling...
  10. If you think the first season of Daredevil is going to be one giant "Hey, remember that time we did this?" episode, you may be in for a surprise. In a new interview with Vulture, showrunner Steven DeKnight shared that season 2 will feature a lot more "dark", "fun" and...
  11. The world's most famous pirate is about to get his own TV show. The show, which will be made by Amazon Studios, will tell the real-life story of the infamous pirate, Robin Hood, who captured the hearts of English girls with his sweet songs of love and friendship on the...
  12. For a limited time, the new "Vikings" season 2 promo is already up on Facebook, and we've got an amazing video! Check it out Here's the Season 1 Promo on Facebook: And here's the Season 2 Promo on Facebook: And here's the video on Youtube: The new season of "Vikings"...
  13. It seems like just yesterday we saw the first trailer for Netflix's Daredevil season 2 premiere and now the official synopsis for the third season has been released. This is all of what we know so far Source Deadline "NONSTOPPABLE" Frank Castle Ben Affleck is back the costumed crimefighter known...
  14. Bryan Singer says he doesn't know why rumors of his departure from X-Men: Apocalypse continue to swirl around, but he didn't hold back when he was asked for comment about another Hollywood casualty: Ryan Reynolds' Deadpool 2 . And when pressed further about the situation, Singer admitted that he was...
  15. Trailer Frenzy A special place to find the newest trailers for movies and TV shows you're craving. "Dan Stevens, you just starred in a billion-dollar hit and have your own popular TV show, what are you doing next?" "I'm doing an indie scifi film about a big portal in the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 107] — 1158 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I know I mentioned this before but I am not going to mention the plot of the story because you can find many great reviews on this subject if you are interested or need more motivation than I will ever give for the story. I am writing this so that...
  2. I'm mostly a science fiction and fantasy writer, and that's mainly what I read too. I think the main advantage of those genres is also their main trap: You can effectively do anything. So you have to start making up rules to prevent the story from concluding immediately: Why does...
  3. This is a great guide! Can I hop on with something else to say about agency? Two dimensional characters. You mentioned this in your post, but for me it's always useful to think of the backgrounds of characters and how they relate. This sort of flows into my dialogue prompt...
  4. Great story! I absolutely loved it and you should be proud of yourself for creating such a great story. But, you asked what could be improved, so here I go : The first two paragraphs of introduction don't really establish the atmosphere very well, although you're getting close. It seems...
  5. There's one rule I never break I don't start out a novel with a chapter summary. If there's a scene you'd like to know more about, you should definitely start there, but if you come to the end of a book hoping to know more, well, there probably isn't much...
  6. ct thing. provide link to the story For us, though, the concept is very new. We have our greatest minds on the team thinking now about how they might handle this situation. They've considered using cliche plot twists to signal each new twist, such as a pregnancy surprise or a...
  7. This definitely seems like a good start, though I am curious as to what sort of direction the plot will go. Will this ghost writer stumble upon something only he as an observer of people could piece together? Is there an underlying dream or goal he wishes to accomplish in...
  8. Well I read it, and since you asked for feedback I'll give it, but I'm not sure what there is to give. It's well written, as far as I believe. Didn't have much of a problem getting into it, so it flows nicely. To the grammarspelling bits : We were...
  9. What types of expectations do you have when you buy a book? I expect to be entertained. That's my main thing. I expect that the premise of the book will be focused on and we'll go along with that. Same thing when I look at a video game's plot and...
  10. My vote still goes to uschoolgirlerror for By the light of my cigarette.'' It is the fully-realized piece, both in body and in voice. Greenland by ubarahagara should get the nod as runner-up. Competently done, but with a couple of holes that held it back. I don't have the time...
  11. The first time I met the author, I didn't get very far in the first chapter. The "bombshell" I was looking for was here: I couldn't get past all the florid language. I thought of putting something in the next chapter as the last one did. But I figured that...
  12. There's a big difference between "the end" and the beginning. An ending is an end, and a beginning is an starting. The end is the culmination of a particular series of events. The beginning begins the series of events, whether it be the start of a new business or a...
  13. Requested feedback ahoy! : If I was going to throw together the runner's ups, this would have been in it. You drew me in with the graffiti. It was cool, unusual in a good way, and felt new. My attention started to be lost around the spell exposition. I think...
  14. A little constructive advice. Instead of ending the chapter with a sudden stop of a cliff hanger by not showing whatever was at the bottom of the dig, show something that changes the story and brings up complex questions. When you end with that cliffhanger, you really only leave us...
  15. For me, personally, if you can pull it off, then go for it! Last page twisters always get to me, making me think back about how it all fits together perfectly. The problem is that I've read quite a few books that attempt to do such a thing and end...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 108] — 706 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. If you need a new car, its a good idea to buy a high-quality vehicle, especially one that has been carefully preserved. This is even more important if you purchase the vehicle online. New cars depreciate the minute you drive them off the lot, so the price of a used...
  2. Are you considering buying a new car or refurbished car?
  3. "For a lot of people, it's an awkward position -- they're like, 'Well, let me see your license and the vehicle I got in, and then I can talk about whether I like your vehicle or not,'" he said. "But they're missing the point of who's buying these cars." Many...
  4. . Check if the car has enough space, how much the car is cost-effective, and that the road doesnt exist yet, or even if you have enough money to buy the car. Especially if your car has a lot of space, but the car has a very low price. 2....
  5. I'm glad that you're looking out! A car is a tiny, complex process, and when you buy a car, it is the most important step in your life. That said, there are some factors that are difficult to over, and there are lots of trade choices for a car. What...
  6. There's only so many ways to make a car look good. How do you blend a nice face with a great ride? There's the usual facehugger effects; the chrome nose and the body's surface that makes everything look more than a little shiny. And there's the more traditional methods of...
  7. Do you want to look at purchasing a car or simply buying a used car?
  8. Beside, if the purchase is for a dealership, the dealership will also give you a new car, and delivery service. If your purchase is bought in a garage, then the seller must deliver the new car, and give you money for the service.
  9. If you are one of these individuals who have not already gotten yourself a new car, you could be doing the math and even the purchasing experience over twice as long as it needs to. "Fully loaded, your car will probably cost you more than it would if you just...
  10. It's difficult to give a definitive answer without more information about your specific situation. Here are a few things to consider when deciding whether to buy new tires for your current car or to replace the car entirely:Cost: How much would it cost to buy new tires for your current...
  11. Start by researching different car models to find the features most important to you. Look at reviews and ratings to compare different cars. 2 When you know the model you're interested in, shop around and compare prices from different dealers. Consider any special offers they may have, such as discounts...
  12. When buying a car online, you should take a good look and make sure that the seller has a reliable account, and that they provide a comprehensive list of safety tips for the vehicle you are considering. Also, make sure that the seller is purchasing a safe used vehicle that...
  13. For a good purchase, you want to make sure that youre buying a used car that is in good condition, and that the buyer feels his or her knowledge in the car, with regard to the condition of the car, and the state of the seller, which of course the...
  14. A pro means a large advantage to the buyer, over all other aspects of the purchase. A pro in the area is how far to about a car, and overall how much. A good, in this area, are about a half and a half, which is a big difference. A...
  15. It's the ultimate holiday gift: a car. This is the ultimate car-giving scenario for the person who is in the position to make such an important purchase. But what if a car is unavailable on the market as is? What if a dealership can't fulfill that demand? Here's a scenario...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 109] — 776 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Possible cause Engine Light ON-OFF - CEL - TSB P0581 P0581 Engine Fuel Pressure Low Detected on the ECT-REST Possible cause The power steering pump switch for the ECT-REST is off. The fuel pressure regulator cannot control the ECT-REST air or fuel pressure. P0582 P0582 Engine Oil Pressure Below Normal...
  2. Possible Cause: Diesel Emissions Brake Disc RotorsPiston RingsStall Pins Unacceptable Code Unwanted Stall or Rotor: Click here to continue P0400 P0400 Possible Cause: 1 P0400 1 P0400 Possible Cause: 1 P0400 Troubleshooting Tips Check Engine Light Check Front Anti-Steering Springs for signs of damage or failure Check Anti-Lock Brakes Brake...
  3. How can I help you troubleshoot the issue? Do you know if the battery is good? The starter is good? The engine's battery is good? Do you have a spare tire? Maybe the tires are too old? Are you certain the engine's warranty is active? Maybe there's a warranty issue?...
  4. Possible causes Faulty brake lights Possible problems with the braking system such as a stuck brake pedal or a brake light that won't go out. Air bags may be deployed incorrectly. The accelerator pedal may be pressed down too hard. Wheel slippage Faulty or improperly fitted steering steering wheel. A...
  5. You can usually do a simple test to figure this out. First, when you put on the brakes, do they fail? If they do fail, this is the same as if theyd never begun. If you want to make them work right, you need to fix the first problem. For...
  6. The secret for getting good mileage when you change the oil on your car is to follow a simple pattern and set-up a routine thats good for your particular car. When you turn the engine on do something like: turn left, turn right, go in the house, hold that for...
  7. I did a quick search to see if there was any info on this but this is one I'd like to know a little more. My wife and I both had our car repaired a couple of years ago. When we first got the car some 2.5 million miles old,...
  8. Possible causes Faulty spark plugs on vehicles equipped with 2.0L Powerstroke engines. In some cases, a burnt out coil pack could be the cause of the problem. Symptoms Engine Light ON Turning ON Faulty spark plugs on vehicles equipped with 2.0L Powerstroke engines. In some cases, a burnt out coil...
  9. Possible causes Faulty ignition system circuit or fuse failure Possible causes: Engine has stopped Running, engine idling andor running at idle or low power, Engine shut down Sensor Circuit Malfunction Symptoms Engine Light onOff Ignition switch or solenoid Circuit short to battery Throttle position or Throttle body position Not shifting...
  10. Possible causes Faulty battery. Replace battery. If the battery is dead, the car won't start. Replace power steering fluid. If a seal fails, fluid will leak from the radiator cap. Replace cap. If a gasket fails, fluid may leak from the radiator cap and fill the radiator. Replace cap. If...
  11. Best Answer: Ah, I remember YOU. I answered this before. You should NEVER have started the car once it fell down under the carb. I TOLD you not to, or let anyone else, either. Unfortunately, you have probably damaged the engine now, when white smoke comes out, it is a...
  12. Possible causes Faulty Power Steering Inhibited Transmission TIS sensors TES may fail when the engine speed increases to a value that would cause the front wheels to begin slipping by steering system failure or improper control. Ignition switch INT circuit open shorted Electrical Ignition switch INT circuit short circuited Electrical...
  13. P0301 - Cylinder 1 Misfire Detected The term misfire means that there is no combustion in one or more cylinders. For example, in this animation, the cylinder 1 misfires and the engine runs only on three cylinders. Cylinder 1 misfires The engine computer or PCM can detect a misfiring cylinder...
  14. It depends on how well you were able to get the car to start after you had the tire issues.
  15. Possible causes Faulty throttle position sensor. Fuel injection system. Engine oil level indicator signal circuit open or shorted. Disconnect the fuel line from the sensor connector. If you suspect the ECU is faulty, contact EASYS. EASYS' ECU troubleshooter is available for 29.95.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 110] — 227 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. We have had the opportunity to take a very close look at the new Tesla Model S recently at an event in Tokyo. The Tesla Model S P85D is a sports-oriented Tesla vehicle equipped with a 310 horsepower 200kW and 310 foot-pounds of torque 225hp powertrain. The Tesla Model S...
  2. A lot of folks have asked me about the price of the Model 3 and now the answer is: about as much as other people have asked me about the price of other models of cars. The Model 3 does have some limitations in terms of price, but that is...
  3. The new Tesla Roadster is, or was, a major investment, and theyre excited to see how great it is. While it is still a prestor, they believe the new roadster will make their commute to the automotive lotion facility much much easier. As a result, they want to hold a...
  4. You may have heard the news that Tesla Motors NASDAQ: TSLA is expanding its Supercharger network by adding a new station in Irvine, California, about 30 miles north of Los Angeles. That's cool and all, but it doesn't mean much unless there are at least a dozen more stations like...
  5. MAY 11 2017 BY MARK KANE Despite Tesla's claim that it's offering "the best electric car experience", it seems that its cars will just not be compatible with the forthcoming Supercharging network at its 'Gigafactory 2' in Nevada. With a network of Superchargers under development spanning from coast to coast,...
  6. COPENHAGEN MarketWatch A group of researchers have developed an app that shows you the price of the latest Tesla Model 3s online, so you can decide if it is worth the cost of an upfront fee to put down a deposit, even though the new car is unlikely to be...
  7. The next stage after the introduction of the Model S is to introduce production, meaning that we will be able to order a new Tesla. The first orders would have the unique option of a 'BM' special edition Tesla Model S. We will be getting to know more about the...
  8. When people start talking about the new Tesla Model 3, I get a lot of questions about the battery size and range. I will answer both of those questions in this article. The range depends both on the Model 3, the driving technique and the temperature outside. The Tesla Model...
  9. This morning Tesla updated the pre-order webpage for its upcoming all-electric SUV, the Model X, to indicate that new reservations will only ship out during the "second half of 2016". Only yesterday, the estimate was "early 2016", but with a growing backlog of reservations ahead of the September 29th launch...
  10. MAY 17 2016 BY ERIC LOVEDAY The first-generation Tesla Model S is finally going to hit the market, with Tesla set to officially launch the vehicle to the public in the U.S., Canada, and the UK on May 27th. This event is being organized by Tesla for the first time...
  11. It was just a matter of time before you saw a piece of the future in a Tesla Model S. But now they're available, and if you order one online tomorrow, they should even arrive on the Model S by the end of this year or early next. According to...
  12. The "Fully Charged Up" Tesla Model X is currently priced at 85,000. It's got 2,070 horsepower on tap. It will be able to accelerate from 0 to 60 in under three seconds and travel more than 400 miles on a single charge. That makes it the fastest car in the...
  13. The latest addition to the long line of new Tesla models is the Model X. Introduced on November 28 of last year, the second-generation Tesla X now comes with improved tech, performance and design. Here are our takeaways. The second-gen Tesla X is now available in most major markets The...
  14. The next question: How much of that increase will be absorbed by consumers? A new article by The Wall Street J-Source suggests that the average price of a Tesla Model S could be as much as 400 more than the last base model. According to the article, the average price...
  15. For a few months now, the public has been getting a glimpse of the "J" in Tesla: the first mass-market electric car to use Tesla's proprietary battery cell technology, known as "the big battery." At last week's unveiling of the Model X, a crossover designed to be "about the last...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 111] — 170 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I've seen a lot of interesting stuff on the internet about self-driving cars. Some of a truly horrifying quality. It almost seems that the government is preparing for an invasion. The car companies have been quick to warn that most cars won't be autonomous on the streets until 2030, which...
  2. The Interview It's November, 2021: what does the world look like? By 2021, we will see autonomous vehicles in operation across the country in ways that we only imagine today Families will be able to walk out of their homes and call a vehicle, and that vehicle will take them...
  3. "We are now working with many of these companies who, like us, are in business for decades, and we are learning a great deal from their experience and their knowledge of our industry." Source: NTT Group On May 10, 2017, NTT group will launch the "next generation" Internet of Things...
  4. We may have just taken our first step toward realizing the dream of self-driving cars. And what's more, we might have just made it much, much easier for others to replicate this technological breakthrough, according to a Harvard study that analyzes self-driving car technology. Advertisement The study, called "What is...
  5. Autonomous Vehicles Product Development and Launch Case Study Table of Contents 1. Product Development Strategy 2. Approach to a New Self-Driving Car 3. Target Consumer and Primary Competitors 4. Product Launch 5. References Product Development Strategy Many companies are undertaking new research studies to perfect the idea of autonomous vehicles...
  6. BELCHERTOWN , Md., Sept. 4, 2014 PRNewswire -- SABIC, a company leading the development of the world's leading artificial intelligence AI software and tools for the development of highly intelligent autonomous vehicles ADAVs, today announced that it has received 2.6 million from Google to further its research into autonomous driving....
  7. How to Start an Active, Self-Driving Car by Adam Walker Autonomous vehicles AVs are coming to the masses with new products and even new vehicles, like the Mercedes-Benz EQ, that will make your daily commute safer and more efficient. But there's a lot of debate on if it will save...
  8. We've covered the topic of self-driving cars here on Techdirt many times, to the extent that it's a staple of our day. But how might an entire city get around without humans at all? At a conference this week, researchers at MIT Media Lab gave us an idea. MIT's Media...
  9. Self-driving cars are coming sooner than you think. But when will we get there, and how will we get there? Two terms for the transition have become standard in the auto industry. There's the "evolutionary" path to autonomous vehicles, where today's cars get self-driving features bit by bit Tesla's autopilot...
  10. As the auto industry and tech industries converge to speed development of the self-driving car, you can expect to read about more deals like this one: Silicon Valley's Velodyne LiDAR has just announced that it has completed a 150 million infusion from co-investors Ford Motor and Baidu, the Chinese search...
  11. The U.S. Department of Transportation DOT said on Wednesday that it has filed a patent for the "Autonomous Vehicle AV Transition" system, which would make it harder for anyone to drive cars without the help of another human being controlling it. The filing from the DOT is for an electromagnetic...
  12. Driverless cars could ignore road signs on the streets since they can be confused by simple vandalism, researchers have found. While carmakers have been investigating ways to protect autonomous cars against hackers, more conventional attacks could confuse the vehicles into misreading road signs that would appear normal to ordinary drivers....
  13. "The government's goal has to be that the public can use this technology to its full capacity." The White House just released a new executive order called "Smart, Autonomous and Networksed Vehicles," which highlights the benefits that autonomous vehicles could bring to America. The full executive order is available here....
  14. Honda has admitted that it plans to build a fully self-driving car for as soon as 2020. The Japanese manufacturer has been testing driverless technology in San Francisco as part of its Google autonomous car project. But new CEO Yasuhisa Arai and one particularly influential staff scientist have now indicated...
  15. The Company AImotive is the largest independent team in the world working towards fully self-driving car technology. Our unique toolset is engineered to answer all the challenges of autonomous mobility, powered by advanced artificial intelligence, simulation technology, and supporting hardware architectures. This complex approach to self-driving car technology allows our...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 112] — 587 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. In the first episode of Sportscar365's Double Stint, Ryan Myrehn, John Dagys and Tony DiZinno recap the 54th Rolex 24 at Daytona; Tequila Patron ESM team ownerdriver Scott Sharp calls in to discuss his overall victory and we take a look at what's ahead in the week to come, including...
  2. Press Release Yoshimura Suzuki Racing is proud to announce the signing of famed Supercross and Motocross Champion, James Stewart, to a multi-year contract effective immediately. Stewart will compete in both AMA Pro Motocross and Supercross aboard the Yoshimura Suzuki RM-Z450 beginning with the first round of the 2012 AMA Pro...
  3. This content was published on September 30, 2016 10:31 AM Sep 30, 2016 - 10:31 Sergio Perez and Felipe Massa were among those to have their tyre choices changed BARCA has decided to withdraw an appeal by McLaren-Honda over the penalty which was awarded to the American team on the...
  4. The first official test session saw them all struggling, and we were left to wonder what the team can be doing so well. We all saw that there may or may not be a small improvement in next year, but it seems there must be plenty to cheer for. F1i...
  5. Honda Racing Corporation is pleased to officially announce an agreement has been reached with Dani Pedrosa that will see the Spanish rider remain in the factory Honda team for a further two years, until the end of 2016. Pedrosa, who currently lies third in the World Championship level on points...
  6. Sebastien Buemi is confident that he will be in a position to win this year's World Endurance Championship, as he battles for positions in the midfield at Porsche Team and Dragon Racing. The two-time GT champion heads into Sunday's Six Hours of Bahrain with just two points through six races,...
  7. PALO ALTO, Calif. The two teams on deck for Monday's Sprint Cup Race 1 at Homestead-Miami Speedway went through four days of testing at the speedway ahead of the race. Roughly 15 cars were present for both days of testing ahead of the event, which is the first race of...
  8. The latest news for F1's most-watched race follows on from speculation over whether F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone will be able to deliver a new deal for the sport's broadcast partners for 2016. However it comes after ITV Sports released figures suggesting its broadcast audience for last weekend's Japanese Grand Prix...
  9. I first met Ann in 1994 and at the end of my first year in Australian Formula Ford, dad asked her to help look for some sponsorship for my second year in the Championship. She secured a deal with Melbourne-based Yellow Pages who were already behind a Young Achievers-type programme...
  10. "That was a very difficult decision to make because I knew the quality," Meehan said. "That was something I was always very proud of. I've had a lot of success working on this car down at LMP2, and I just thought it was a different ballgame down at Le Mans....
  11. Ferrari F50 The "big 3" of mid-engined F1 cars, with their great power, have almost been a given for this season. Not so for Lotus and Williams. Williams have already broken their best ever time of 1m23.868s at Silverstone last week, and on Thursday, they had the fastest time on...
  12. In the final regular Double Stint podcast of the year, Ryan Myrehn and John Dagys recap the week in news; Jeff Segal calls in to discuss his move to Michael Shank Racing and Acura for the 2017 IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship season and we answer this week's questions. Look out...
  13. It's only fitting that after a couple of years of being plagued by a number of different problems which have left the car struggling on the track, the Formula One team has finally announced a full timetable for the 2014 season. There are a few small changes to the calendar...
  14. Liam Dutton's first taste of Formula One came during a game of golf in 1985. The then 14-year-old, a British citizen working in a London hotel, was asked to play by his father, a member of the British Formula One driver squad of the time. His father, Nigel, was also...
  15. Monegasque rookie Charles Leclerc was fastest overall on day one of testing at the Yas Marina Circuit in Abu Dhabi. The ART Grand Prix tester's best lap of 1:55.209 was almost half a second clear of his nearest opposition Antonio Fuoco Trident which was set in the afternoon session. Matthew...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 113] — 759 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. If you like the looks of vintage American muscle cars, and you also happen to enjoy the Pro-Touring theme, then you're going to love Alan Miller's 1970 Chevelle. It was built by SpeedTech Performance out of St. George, Utah. As you would expect, the car has all of the modern...
  2. After we filmed the somewhat controversial Ford Fiesta ST vs. BMW E46 M3 video a month or so back, we as a group were so smitten with the Fiesta ST's ludicrous value for money proposition that our cameraman and resident mad scientist Thaddeus Brown went straight to the dealership and...
  3. Tech Help Dodge - Plymouth Neon Racing Main First-Generation Neon Page Main Second-Generation Neon Page The Neon whether it be a Dodge Neon, a Plymouth Neon, or a Chrysler Neon, SRT4, first or second generation was one of the most successful affordable stock racing cars of its time, not to...
  4. The famous Volvo tuners at Polestar set up an S60 chassis for Volvo to jam its experimental 450 horsepower triple-charged 2.0 four-cylinder engine in it, and the result is a prototype so fast it should scare Ze Germans. The horsepower war just got downsized. Full Disclosure: Volvo flew me to...
  5. This is just going to appear as just "the latest" when some people have asked about the "new" V10. I didn't realize that some of you were referring to the V10 and you saw it here in this post. Yes, the S550 is the most recent V10 so that makes...
  6. The first thing you notice about the new, larger, more powerful Mazda MX-5 Miata is the rear wing. Its massive size it's as powerful, or at least as powerful, as a McLaren F1 makes it something of a landmark in the small-car world. The rear wing, built by the Italian...
  7. Truck Yeah The trucks are good! The Dodge Challenger SRT Hellcat is the most powerful production road-going Hellcat ever, and this model, which also won't be available as a sedan at the dealer unless you have that sort of money to spare, will be getting even quicker than before, with...
  8. Subaru USA has revealed its new RX Supercar, which will be used in the 2015 Global Rallycross Championship and the X-Games. The WRX STI VT15x will be formally unveiled at the New York Auto Show. It is the third Subaru RX Supercar built by the official technical partner Vermont SportsCar...
  9. When you think of the most powerful of modern cars, it may not surprise you to learn that Ferrari and Rolls-Royce both have more than a few supercar rivals. But the Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG is the Mercedes-Benz-rival everyone wants to keep at least somewhat at bay, but not quite as...
  10. Mazda's latest MX-5 Miata is not a car that comes across as sexy, but the company's design team certainly knows how to do justice to something with some panache. There are certain elements of the MX-5 Miata that are undeniably sexy, such as the sweeping, muscular shape of its engine,...
  11. The first Honda car was the S500, which was introduced in 1963. It was a small, two-door sports car that was powered by a 500cc engine. The S500 was followed by the S600, which was introduced in 1964 and featured a larger 600cc engine. Both the S500 and S600 were...
  12. If you'd rather buy a "sport-oriented" car rather than a car that's "for the road" you have that choice, at least for the time being. Ford is the latest automaker to offer a limited-volume limited-edition vehicle for the 2017 model year. Called the Sport Utility, the 2017 version of the...
  13. Yes, it's an April's Fool joke, but what a joke. This is the BMW M3 Pickup, announced today 1 April. And it's not a Photoshop either: it's a real, bonkers 414bhp ute. Mixing utility with performance has always appealed at Top Gear. This might just have reset the bar. It's...
  14. The first thing they'll notice about the 2017 Audi V6 turbo four-cylinder are the two-piece 18-inch forged alloy wheels, as part of the car's striking LED exterior paint job. The "W" logo is flanked by the Audi badge, which is in turn flanked by the Audi logo. All five letters...
  15. The new-for-2017 Audi Q5 E-Tron Sport uses new technology not available elsewhere to improve its performance and handling. The technology is only available on the Q5 E-Tron Sport. The new-for-2017 Audi Q5 E-Tron Sport uses new technology not available elsewhere to improve its performance and handling. The technology is only...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 114] — 657 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. . Read lots of books. If there are some books in the New York New Times, please read those out of circulation. 2. Spend one hour reviewing what happened in those books. 3. Look up facts from those books, and review. 4. Dont forget reading the introduction and conclusion sections....
  2. Break down the concepts into simpler, more manageable pieces. 2 Build a stronger foundation for understanding by working through example problems. 3 Use a variety of different study materials, such as textbooks, online resources, or real-world problems. 4 Ask questions to instructors or peers when clarification is needed. 5 Work...
  3. Make sure to have a thorough understanding of the test's format and the types of questions that will be asked. 2 Review the test prep material and practice answer questions in the same time limit that you will have on the test. 3 Understand the scoring criteria so you know...
  4. -Practicing to prepare for the GMAT. -Reviewing past exams to prepare for specific types of questions that will likely occur on the exam. -Reviewing the rules about a certain type of logic, such as counting, but also logic in general. -Sparking random thoughts and answering difficult questions that may come...
  5. And did I think you asked about how to study for an exam, or for a test in general?
  6. If you don't have any of the above books, try using one of the following: Tutoring: These programs can come in handy for your first year, but are not required to study for the MCAT. The following books include detailed explanations: If you don't have any of the above books,...
  7. I think studying is most good when you look at the preparation manual in a specific format. Some people prefer a lot of extra detail in the text, in addition to the review at the end of the study. For example, you could examine the page text in order to...
  8. Gosh, there are a ton of great tips out there for preparing for physics exams, right? Here are some tips that Ive heard about that I think would be helpful: The last minute is always a great time to study. If you are dreadfully afraid of not having enough study...
  9. To take notes while studying, its a good idea to remove all of the words from the beginning. After you remove the words, you should then look at the left side of the page, and remember the words you just wrote. Then you can repeat these words and look at...
  10. Are you studying for an upcoming examination, or for a short coursebook? Have you decided whats on to study, and what order? Are you studying, or studying in order? Have you set a goal for studying, and then been studying that goal over time? Are you studying a concept specific...
  11. . Be focused. 2. Review your notes. 3. Try to understand whether the words are used correctly. 4. If you dont understand something, look it up again later. 5. Remember your math. 6. Look at the math problem on the exam, and try to understand what you mean. 7. Dont...
  12. The most effective way to study for a midterm exam is to create a study plan that allows for adequate time to review the material covered in class. Set aside time each day to review, or break the material into manageable chunks and study each one individually. Take breaks while...
  13. Do you want to study effectively for a specific exam preparation session? Or do you want to study enough to pass a test?
  14. The quickest and most reliable techniques for studying for a midterm are to create a study plan, create study aids like flashcards or diagrams, review your notes regularly to identify what needs further explanation, and practice taking simulated exams. Additionally, it can be helpful to break up studying into short,...
  15. Are you trying to study for a test or a class? If you want to study for a class, you might want to practice doing the best tips in your study. Are you trying to study for a personal challenge? You want to learn the best methods for developing a...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 115] — 880 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. x に対して 式 x 20 x x 500 x の 最小 値 を 求める に は x が 正 の 場合 に 限っ て 考え ます x 20 x x 500 x x 2 20 500 x 2 x 2 x 2 520 x 2 x 2 520 が 分母...
  2. You are correct 9 10 does indeed equal 21 My mistake. Thank you for correcting me If SP
  3. apologize for the mistake. You are correct that I multiplied 2 4 by 3 two different times in the first calculation. The correct calculation for the first step is : 1. 2 43 2 2 2 43 4 16 3 4 12 apologize for any confusion this may have caused,...
  4. Lets test: If a  sum  x,y in the series x for all y, you have two terms: ab, and a-2.right? Does this help?
  5. To find the product of 74 and 56, we can use the standard algorithm for multiplying two multi - digit numbers. First, we start by multiplying 74 by the units digit of 56, which is 6. This gives us 444. Then we multiply 74 by the tens digit of 56,...
  6. Perhaps not as much of an explaination as other answers , but a nice way to prove it , is by using the rules of powers . For example , we know that xa xb xab eg . 2 1 x 2 2 8 or 2 3 and conversely xa...
  7. If x is a prime factor of y, then there are exactly two prime factors of x. For all prime factors we can find the two prime factors and write some equations for finding more prime factors, and possibly write some equations for the two prime factors themselves: xygcda,b abxy...
  8. I apologize for the confusion.  0.34   3  0.032924 is incorrect, it should be  0.34   3  0.039304. my mistake, I apologize for any confusion caused. B
  9. I apologize for any confusion. Yes, 10  10 is equal to 20.
  10. Smaller numbers go in to bigger number more times . So the answers are bigger .
  11. Certainly. Here is a proof that the result of 10 plus 10 is 25 : 10 10 25 This equation states that the result of adding 10 and 10 is 25. This is a true statement because it follows the rules of arithmetic, which state that the result of adding...
  12. Yes, I am sure that the result of 10 plus 10 is 25. The mathematical operation of addition is defined such that the result of adding two numbers is the sum of those numbers. In this case, the sum of 10 and 10 is 25. I apologize if my previous...
  13. I apologize, you are correct. 26  14 does indeed equal 50. Thank you for bringing that to my attention.
  14. I apologize for the misunderstanding. The expression -7 -7-7 does not equal 98. Instead, the correct solution is -98. To solve the expression -7 -7-7 , you can follow these steps : 1. Begin by performing the operation within the parentheses. In this case, you have one subtraction to perform...
  15. If you want to add another 1 to the sum, the result would be 3. 1  1  1 equals 3. Let me know if you have any other questions.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 116] — 184 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Financial Strategies of the Confederacy vs. Union Governments Economic Choices Essay While explaining the economic reality of the Confederacy in times of the Civil War, some fundamentals on the financial strategies of the Confederate and Union governments must be considered. One of the major points, which is to be taken...
  2. CONFEDERATE: A Somewhat Realistic Version Cold War Edition. I guess this is my own take on the 'Confederate States survives to present day' trope with 99 more implied Apartheid Seth Efrica and rogue Frenchmen in Algeria. I might do a full one if I'm prompted to.--Some consider it to be...
  3. The story of the death of James Buchanan, who was a leading statesman of the American Revolution, has long overshadowed the other key figures of the war, including the Continental Congress and the Continental Army. Buchanan was a brilliant general, a gifted strategist, and the greatest leader in the Revolution,...
  4. The US Civil War Funding Essay The main idea presented in the article was the problem of raising money to fund the civil war. The south was in a deeper financial crisis than the north during the civil war, which raised the propping question on how do you build a...
  5. You've heard that if you want to win the American Civil War, you need to win the North-South battlefront. You think this makes sensethe War Between the States was fought between North and South, after all. You're correctbut not when you are talking about the southern states of the United...
  6. I think part of it is a regional issue , part of it is a historical issue , and part of it is a ideological issue . When you look at the US today , the region with the strongest anti - tax , anti - government is generally considered...
  7. The official English name of the American Civil War is the American Civil War, The War Between the States. This name was decided in 1862 by the United States Congress which had to pass new legislation every year to keep the name unchanged. The following is a list of Congressmen...
  8. The Confederate States of America, which was formed in 1861 by a group of Southern states that had seceded from the United States, was able to fund its military efforts and create units quickly because it had access to a number of resources. One resource was money. The Confederate government...
  9. 2 Writing an essay explaining the cause of the Civil War The American Cul War was fought from 1861 to 1865 and was the result of a number of complex factors including economic, political and social issues One of the main causes of the Civil War was slavery. The United...
  10. The Southern States wanted to keep slavery as it powered their economy . As a result many of them left the Union of States and created a Confederacy of States . The Northern Union States went to war to keep the Union together and bring the Confederate states back into...
  11. Representation of Historical Events in Textbooks Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. The significance of the Civil War and Reconstruction 3. African Americans in ending slavery and rebuilding the nation 4. American history textbooks interpretation 5. Conclusion 6. Work Cited Introduction Slave ownership was a major political concern in...
  12. 1. The American Revolution began in 1775 when the American colonists revolted against the British. 2. The colonies declared their independence on July 4th, 1776. 3. George Washington led the Continental Army in the fight against the British. 4. The Treaty of Paris was signed in 1783, recognizing the independence...
  13. The most widely discussed and contentious issue in American political history is the cause that brought about the Civil War. The cause for which America fought: slavery. The issue that divides people on both sides of the debate: secession. On Wednesday, as an amendment to the resolution that defines the...
  14. I get this question a few times a day. Usually from small children who don t know very much about our history. Of course, there s always those older ones who haven t been paying attention in school, too. I always give them the simple version of the story. That...
  15. and that is why East Virginia seceded from the Union, all thanks to an eccentric governor who thought Richmond was actually Atlantis, I concluded the fun tidbit. The class of around thirty students stared at me with eyes in which a fierce debate raged if they wanted to correct me...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 117] — 400 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The United States has was the only country in the world to be able to resist Hitler. The most basic statement one can make in defence of the United States is its ability to defeat Hitler. This has been a theme that has been repeated often over the years, in...
  2. "The Great Game," the title of Andrew Bacevich's new book, is a provocative, sometimes biting work about the history of conflict and war. It also has many great quotes: "The most frightening part about this book is that it is not entirely devoid of ideas. They are everywhere and they...
  3. I think the most interesting facts are that the Soviet Union was the dominant enemy of the Great War, and after 1919 they controlled the Russian Republic and People's Republic until 1938 the Soviet-controlled the Republic of Lenin
  4. Parts of this make me feel unclean to write, but here it is anyway. Back-page summary of The Girl in the Low Valley by Hans Schroeder It is 1963. The Axis Powers have crumbled against the Slavic hordes of the Soviet Union and the devastating American Atom Bombs. What was...
  5. The major parties participating in the Versailles Conference were the United States, France, the United Republic and Germany. Other countries were also there. Other countries were involved as well, including Italy, Japan and Ireland.
  6. , much like the first set of pills included a green dye to mark out the correct century. Swallowing them, I looked out at the factory floor. Cesar would have been proud if he could see my achievements. A factory to produce a nation's arsenal, an army, to conquer the...
  7. ng figure, standing between ranks of Poles, Russians, Americans, Brits and a whole plethora of European nationalities, all murdered by the Nazis. He's really quite popular with the other occupants of the hall, even the die hard Soviets, who have a grudging respect for him. Speaking of the Soviets, they're...
  8. Yes, there were several countries involved at the time. They included Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, Russia, and China. Their goal was to spread democracy and communism. The USA and the USSR were also involved in the war because they were afraid of the spread of communism.
  9. After the end of WWII, the Russians became the dominant power in Eastern Europe. "I'm going to get you, you American whore! I'm the most beautiful woman in the world, you filthy fucking whore! What kind of a man lets a girl go and takes her back again without even...
  10. In the early summer of 1942, a series of unfortunate events that had been predicted by Nazi leaders became a clear possibility if the war with the United States continued. The war with Russia would be lost and the United States of America was now the only hope the Axis...
  11. to finally have some answers for all the past. The Head Justice shook his head, pinched the bridge of his nose, and sighed. August, 1956, Nicholas Romanov invades China due to the threat of communism from Moa Zedongs successful overthrow of the government. This leads to World War II, but...
  12. The Cold War was a period of geopolitical tension between the Soviet Union and the United States, and their respective allies, that lasted from 1947 to 1991. It began with the end of World War II and the Yalta and Potsdam conferences, in which the victorious Allies were divided between...
  13. Im asking you what you know about the Civil War, or what my experts know about it, since it was never a formal political war. After the Civil War, the peace was largely due to the Treaty of Versailles, which was a treaty between the United States and France to...
  14. The main points discussed in the Treaty of Versailles were the end of World War I, the payment of reparations by Germany, the loss of German territory, and the reduction of the German military. Additionally, the Treaty established the League of Nations as a political body meant to prevent future...
  15. I dont think I have great responses to that, because they were not in the history of the United Nations. But Wikipedia says that from 1945 to 1949 the United Nations were allied with the United States in a coalition government war against Germany. After the war came and the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 118] — 405 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The following is a guest post from Brian Lutz, President of the North Carolina State Employees Union. I've been a union activist since before I was a teen and have been involved in multiple campaigns against bad labor practices in North Carolina and elsewhere. One of the areas I have...
  2. There are about 1.4 million students in New Jersey's public schools, with nearly one-quarter 210,000 students in schools designated as "failing" by New Jersey Education Commissioner John King Jr. What that means is that about 15,000 of them, or more than 1.5 percent, are considered at-risk by the state's school...
  3. "I believe that we have an obligation to try to get these communities back on their feet," said Mr. Ducey. But Mr. Ducey said he had a strong commitment to balancing the needs of state-school children with that of the state's 2 million private school students, many of whom attend...
  4. MARK L. STROMBAUM FOR BUZZFLASH AT TRUTHOUT Photo: Mark Strube, US Department of the InteriorThe Federal Office of Education FOE, the federal agency charged with providing resources for public schools, has approved three new vouchers, each valued at 16,000, to be issued to eligible families. The vouchers are "eligible for...
  5. Mumbai: In an apparent sign of the worsening financial condition of some of the country's most admired private schools, more than six in 10 of the 1,400-odd schools assessed by the Delhi-based All India Council for Educational Research AICER between 2006 and 2014 are found to be in a financial...
  6. Calls to abolish compulsory education have been heard in the Netherlands for decades, and the latest iteration of the issue came as a surprise. In a special parliamentary session on Thursday 12 July in the Netherlands, the education minister, Jet Bus, proposed to abolish compulsory education in the country. While...
  7. In the late 1990s, when many New Hampshire's public schools were in bad shape, Sen. Gordon Humphrey, in a debate over the funding of public schools, was a little uncertain whether the school district's children deserved any assistance at all; it was after all that Humphrey himself had been elected...
  8. "We have so much more to offer each other and each generation of schoolchildren than just the standard curriculum," said Mark P. McCall, president of the Board of Education of Santa Clara County that serves 5,000 students in nine districts. "What we all get from the district is a quality...
  9. Proposals to be announced "very shortly" would offer parents and children across England "a proper choice of good schools" and not "a choice between passing the 11-plus and failing it and having to go off to a sink school of the kind that's let our children down so badly", he...
  10. In the late 1970s and into the early '80s, New York City's public schools went into an immediate decline as teachers' wages and conditions began dwindling. Over the next few decades, the situation only got worse: The unionized teachers lost their bargaining rights in 1984; in 1985, the district voted...
  11. A "small but very successful" pilot program to provide a limited number of public school parents with a choice for how to choose their own school district is set to close in early May after it drew some of the highest parental enrollment since it was created in 1997. An...
  12. As the first big day of school gets underway in Seattle, parents and teachers plan a walkout Wednesday to protest what they call the nation's highest-paid teachers. KIRO Radio's Dori Monson spoke to several parents and educators who say they fear those who make as much or more than the...
  13. "There is no longer any distinction between public- and private-school education in this great country" President George W. Bush, 2001 State of the Union address Education is one of the central concerns for the Bush-Cheney administrations. The administration has sought to privatize education, particularly in schools of choice such as...
  14. The city has in recent years seen a boom in the number of foreign immigrants, who largely arrive to work in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. The influx of workers has led to the creation of a large high school, a professional sports franchise, a college football arena, and a theater...
  15. The number of high school seniors enrolling in college has dipped in recent years, despite the availability of grants and state financial aid. And in the state of New York, the number of students who entered public school in 2012 has fallen by more than 10,000 this year, the result...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 119] — 421 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The University of Maryland, one of the nation's most elite universities, is offering scholarships for women to obtain a master of science degree or a master of fine arts degree after graduation. The four-year scholarships -- designed for those who are currently taking graduate work in "traditional fine arts disciplines"...
  2. The University of Michigan Board of Regents agreed Tuesday to create a new student financial aid program to address the growing number of families that don't have enough money to cover their costs. The Michigan Dream Initiative will begin offering grants and scholarships to incoming freshmen who qualify after the...
  3. Duke University is offering a new program in which students can "live and learn in a different city and learn in a different language." From April 26-27, students are being asked to live as part of "the New York City Transplant" program. The five-week program for first-year students will involve...
  4. The University of Texas at El Paso is facing criticism over a decision to give student athletes free tuition rates, and not public university students, at the flagship campus. The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one. Students on the El Paso campus have made signs and raised 6,000 in...
  5. The University of Texas at Dallas UT Dallas announced two new awards Wednesday, both for distinguished faculty. The university established the UT Dallas Faculty Excellence Award CECA for faculty who have demonstrated exceptional scholarship or teaching. The award is intended for the faculty who have made significant contributions to teaching,...
  6. Advancing Our Higher Purpose Our fundamental calling is to apply the university's outstanding strengths in research and teaching in service to the public goodfor New Jersey, the United States, and the world.
  7. The University of Virginia's UVA, which has a strong presence in the arts, sports and media, has released another report by the UVA Foundation on its philanthropic spending. The report shows the university's annual donations dropping over the last five years. The 2015-2016 report released by the foundation highlights the...
  8. The University is a nonprofit university that provides a comprehensive academic experience through the development and delivery of world class scholarly, creative and entrepreneurial programs to prepare its members for a life of research, scholarship and professional achievement. It offers an extensive array of programs designed to engage in research...
  9. The University of Washington UW was announced in October of 2012. Since then, we have seen major renovations throughout campus with much improvement to campus facilities. University students were already aware of the University and its location on the waterfront and decided to make UW the new anchor for Seattle....
  10. The University of Michigan announced that its endowment for 2015 will fall below 40 billion, making the school the third-largest, and second-largest public university in the U.S. The endowment reached 38.7 billion at the end of 2014 for a return of 10.2, according to a report released Wednesday. In 2015...
  11. In the fall of 2009, the University of Washington was on the brink of shutting down. That September, with the recession still raging, the U.S. Department of Education, citing a lack of funding, pulled more than 30 million in cash grants intended to help the university pay its bills. The...
  12. In 2015, the University of Wisconsin-Madison launched the Wisconsin Center for Higher Education. It is funded by private grants, state student aid and a mix of other funds. As the centerpiece of the university's efforts to raise research activity and improve its teaching and advising, the center was formed to...
  13. MADISON, Wis The University of WisconsinMadison's annual student population of 18,400 people has been whittled nearly in half since the 2000 Census. The Madison Area Chamber of Commerce, in partnership with U.S. Census Bureau, has made the annual Census information publicly available online for a four-day period beginning June 17...
  14. The University of Hawaii's Hilo campus could have more than double its original student population by 2020. That's according to a statement released Friday from the UH Office of Strategic Planning and Planning. The UH Office will work with the state's Department of Land and Business Administration, the UHI Community...
  15. On average, there are only about 25,000 students studying in the University of Wisconsin-Madison, even on campus. When it opened over 200 years ago, there were more. And this year's university enrollment is on track to be an even smaller part of the larger and richer UW System. On average,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 120] — 213 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The University of Pennsylvania has been criticized for creating a climate where professors do not feel free to criticize students. Now, it appears there is a conflict of interest in a sexual-assault trial that is scheduled to begin Sept. 26 at the Harrisburg campus. The campus newspaper, the Daily Pennsylvanian,...
  2. PITTSBURGH KDKA A student at Pennsylvania State University may have a new sense of appreciation for his school. In what could be a good lesson for others, the school sent out a note to every first-year student reminding them of their obligations. First-year student Mike DeWitt says it's "just another...
  3. The University of Missouri, one of the nation's largest and most prestigious, is under fire for hiring a law school dean who previously defended "states' rights" and has compared gay people to bestiality. "I believe that God is a loving God and a merciful God, and I also believe that...
  4. "It is not hard to see why the president of a private university would be very worried about this," Mr. Zimring said, referring to the case. "It's very easy to imagine that the person in charge of his own finances is also concerned that there is a potential for a...
  5. The University of South Texas has said President Dennis Harkins should have known the name of the school would cause controversy. The university said on Thursday that it had received threats from "vitriolic emails" to campus after the school announced it was taking on the moniker "UT South" to signify...
  6. UVic apologizes for failing to provide timely notification In a Facebook post published the day after campus club Youth Protecting Youth YPY held a public anti-abortion demonstration in the quad outside of the McPherson Library, the University of Victoria Students' Society criticized the university administration's handling of the situation. The...
  7. If the word "proud" ever made you blush, think again. That's exactly how much a Georgia State University student felt after he and three friends wore a pair of T-shirts emblazoned with, "Georgia State Sucks at Pride." Andrew Thomas posted a picture of the shirt on Twitter on Friday morning...
  8. A Texas AM professor who was filmed threatening to blow up President Trump during a speech at University of Maryland last month has been fired; that and another controversial tweet this week suggest more trouble ahead for a school that has struggled with violence of other kinds in recent months....
  9. The UVA College Republicans, a private students organization that has been involved in several controversial campus incidents this semester, is currently hosting an evening for "intellectual diversity, mutual respect, the importance of intellectual discourse, and open dialogue" on Nov. 27. RELATED: UVA students 'take a knee' in protest on campus...
  10. "I feel that I can handle a situation like that when it comes in front of me, but it really puts things in perspective," he said. In one of his first acts as president and chancellor, Mazzoleni set out to repair ties between the University of Minnesota and the Twin...
  11. The following is an opinion piece by Professor Jim Wallman from the School of Management Economics at the University of Glasgow. "As many of you know, last week the University of Glasgow issued an apology to David Robertson for an earlier article that, in the opinion of many, expressed views...
  12. This past weekend, when the University of North Texas hosted a campuswide event called WeAreWoke, a campus coalition set out to discuss how to create a more inclusive and culturally sensitive campus. The event brought a large number of people onto the North Texas campus who expressed their concerns about...
  13. Friedman was fired from his post as a visiting professor at the school by the college on Oct. 2, citing a "negative" online review. The posting came from an anonymous account that the college has since removed. The student group's letter urged the college to consider a range of options...
  14. Wilfrid Laurier University has completely exonerated Lindsay Shepherd, after a report from an independent investigator found that no student ever complained formally or informally about a video the teaching assistant screened in class earlier this fall. Ms. Shepherd, a 23-year-old communications student, showed a five-minute clip from a debate on...
  15. The University of Virginia on Monday said its investigation into reported racially offensive chant during a University of Virginia-themed homecoming dance has uncovered more evidence of potential racism and misconduct. The investigation is ongoing, but as of late Monday, U-Va. said the students involved were suspended and students are expected...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 121] — 1585 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Reuters - The Republican governor of Mississippi's second-largest city on Friday signed legislation that allows students who oppose same-sex marriage to use school facilities to voice their views. Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant speaks during a joint news conference with Missouri Governor Jay Nixon in Jackson, Mississippi May 15, 2014. REUTERSJohn...
  2. LITTLE ROCK AP An Arkansas judge has thrown out the case of a Christian-themed wedding vendor who was ordered to pay a 2,000 fine for denying a lesbian couple a same-sex ceremony last summer. An attorney for Robb County Sheriff J.R. Walsh had asked the state Supreme Court to reject...
  3. Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday unanimously rejected the case of a Virginia gay man who was fined 100 for refusing to bake a cake for a same-sex commitment ceremony, ruling that he did not have the right to exercise his religious beliefs against gay marriage. FILE PHOTO:...
  4. click to enlarge The Senate Republicans join yesterday's release by House Republicans to stir a panic over nothing. I guess they presume Arkansas remains well behind the rest of the country where something near 60 percent of voters consistently tell pollsters now that they support same-sex marriage.Note on the latest...
  5. LITTLE ROCK - Arkansas' highest court will hear arguments next month in a legal battle over whether a whether a city's ban on discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity conflicts with a state law aimed at blocking local protections for gays and lesbians. The state Supreme Court on...
  6. You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Message: A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http:wr.al0g3V The state Senate is working to find compromise legislation to end the North Carolina constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage. The Senate's Committee on...
  7. New Mexico's governor says he will sign into law a controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act, a bill that opponents say would embolden discrimination against gays and lesbians in the state, regardless of the Supreme Court's recent decision legalizing same-sex marriages nationwide. The law's passage was a no-brainer for Republican Gov....
  8. LANSING -- As a newly minted lawmaker, Steve Stetler says he never thought he'd be fighting with state officials over legislation promoting gay marriage. "I never thought that day would come back to haunt me," he admitted Tuesday, a day before it passed. Lawmakers had voted to approve the ban...
  9. TALLAHASSEE CBSMiamiAP A group of Democratic leaders is pushing Florida lawmakers to legalize civil unions for same-sex couples. The Human Rights Campaign said in a statement Wednesday that while the issue has been around for years, it's important to address for Florida because marriage equality can impact state finances and...
  10. In a major victory for a local LGBT organization facing an uncertain future in Virginia, the Virginia Supreme Court ruled last week that a group of residents living under an "inconsistent, inconsistent and confusing" housing ordinance cannot appeal to a higher court. Gay-rights advocates had asked a trial court to...
  11. The state of Minnesota is going to give a group of gay activists a chance to pick their next Supreme Court nominee for the high court. But it has no intention of confirming anyone who will uphold the landmark marriage equality decision from yesterday. "This was one of the most...
  12. This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form. JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Earlier this month, the Supreme Court of New York struck down the state's ban on same-sex marriage. The ruling came in response to requests from two same-sex couples seeking to marry there. One of the...
  13. When the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to review an important decision addressing a federal law that protects against discrimination based on sexual orientation it was that time of year again many LGBT advocates breathed easy. The court did not mention sexual orientation at all when it agreed to review a...
  14. The University of Michigan is "proud" to support the effort to change the state's constitutional amendment banning gay marriage and has offered its full support for the petition effort. "We are excited to see students in our state support this important cause," said Vice President of Marketing, Communications and External...
  15. "The idea that somebody should not be able to get a job in this country because of their sexual orientation is offensive to me," Mr. Baker said. "It's offensive to the LGBT people of Massachusetts and the state, and just because people are doing it is not the reason they...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 122] — 271 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. 1. Understand the purpose and importance of writing clear and measurable learning outcomes for a course or program. 2. Develop the ability to write learning outcomes that align with course or program objectives and goals. 3. Learn how to use Bloom's Taxonomy to create learning outcomes that are cognitively challenging...
  2. Qualities and Skills Needed to Become a Teacher Presentation Essential Skills that a Teach Should Acquire Decision making and action-driven skills are extremely important because the teaching is a process that implies critical thinkingKyriacou, 1998. Ability to establish teaching objectives must match the learners perception and understanding of those objectives...
  3. Grading and Rubrics: Visioning and Reflecting Essay Introduction The act of studying and practicing adequately impacts the perceptions of an individual through developing the ability to accommodate knowledge and master ideas accordingly. In essence, after conducting researches and putting considerable effort to understand various attributes of educators, it has come...
  4. Education Issues: Identifying a Unit of Instruction Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Topic of Instruction 3. Specific Projected needs of the learners 4. Impact of these needs to the instruction and curriculum 5. Conclusion 6. References Introduction In order to devise a good method of instruction to...
  5. Teacher Guide Applied in the Education Context Essay As a teacher, Head of Department, or an Administrator, How Would Apply the Teacher Guide in Assessing Your Students? The provided guide for teachers can be deployed by people, occupying different positions. It is evident that teachers are direct users of the...
  6. Courage to Teach by Palmer: How to Deal With Fear Essay Table of Contents 1. Fear in Teaching 2. The students 3. Reason for the Choice of the Chapters 4. Importance of the Chapters 5. Reflections 6. References Fear in Teaching One of the most important chapters in this book...
  7. The Importance of Becoming an Independent Learner at University Essay University education is unique since student-learning process is partly guided by the academic staff, with most of learning responsibilities lying with the student as an independent learner. Independent learning is described as autonomous learning, independent study, self-directed learning, student initiated...
  8. Washback Effect of School-Based Assessment on Teaching and Learning in Hong Kong Qualitative Research Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Curriculum 3. Review of Literature 4. Findings 5. Conclusion 6. References Introduction School-based assessment has brought lots of changes to Hong Kong education systems. It has changed the system from...
  9. Formal vs. Field Learning Settings Essay Theoretical Learning Issue One of the major theoretical learning issues many educators have in mind is concerned with the purpose of learning. Some believe it is the transfer of a set of skills and knowledge while others stress that developing life-long learners is more...
  10. Alternate Assessments for Students With Learning Disabilities Presentation Overview of the paper Background of the topic Significance of alternate assessment methods; Application of alternate assessment methods for students with disabilities; Problems with suitable formative and summative assessments for students requiring special attention; Particularly important for K-12 study goals. Alternate assessment...
  11. Curriculum Approaches in Language Teaching Essay Language teaching curriculum development began with the notion of syllabus design, a specification of skills that will be practiced and taught during a course. However, when speaking about the sphere of language teaching, syllabus design has undergone some changes due to a variety of...
  12. What Makes an Effective Teacher? Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Abstract 2. Introduction 3. Body 4. Conclusion 5. References Abstract The present paper is devoted to the research of the notion of effective teaching and the aspects that contribute to being an effective teacher. The paper is aimed at...
  13. Formal and Informal Assessments Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Abstract 2. Introduction 3. Formal assessment 4. Informal assessment 5. Conclusion 6. Reference List Abstract Assessment is very important in pedagogy in order to ensure that the instructor is giving hisher students the best materials using the best methods. Pedagogical...
  14. Theories and Discussions About Multiple Choice Examination Essay Critical Writing The use of multiple choice tests for assessment of students knowledge and progress is a subject of ongoing debate among educators and psychologists. The supporters of this method claim that this is the most objective and effective form of evaluation...
  15. Teacher Career: Learning Preparation Research Paper Introduction Education forms an integral part of societal culture and socio-economic development. Centuries ago, education mainly took the form of informal learning through methods such as an apprenticeship. However, the concept of education has gradually evolved into the formal nature that is common in...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 123] — 224 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Gravity is a force which causes an object moving in a single direction to follow that motion. The force of gravity is produced by mass coupled to mass. Lets say two objects collide with each other with a force of gravity. The resulting force in this case is the mutual...
  2. Gravity is a force of attraction that exists between any two masses, any two objects with mass. The more massive an object is, the stronger its gravitational pull. Gravity causes objects to accelerate towards each other and it also causes objects to orbit each other. The force of gravity is...
  3. As you get closer to the center of the Earth, the gravitational pull on you becomes stronger. This is because the mass of the Earth is concentrated more towards the center, so there is more mass pulling you towards it as you get closer. Imagine you are standing on a...
  4. The world is full of amazing things. Some of them even start as simple things. One of the first things we did on our very first day of life was to walk up and down the garden path. I mean, why should we not take that walk? There is this...
  5. The universal law of gravitation states that every object in the universe attracts every other object with a force that is directly proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them. This means that the strength of the gravitational force between...
  6. If you laid down a steel rod that is as long as the circumference of the Earth at the equator, which is about 24,901 miles, the two ends would meet. The Earth is round, like a ball, and if you wrap a string around a ball, the two ends of...
  7. Gravity is the force that resists us from falling downward. It doesn't matter where you feel gravity's pull. If you feel something "pull you up," you'll feel the pull of gravity. If you feel something "pull you down," you'll feel the pull of gravity. Forced downward movement is called gravity....
  8. ENTRY IN THE ENCYCLOPEDIA GALACTICA : On the Politics of the Four Fundamental Forces, James et al. All content is C original authors. While every attempt has been made to do so, the Encyclopedia makes no claims of neutrality or accuracy and can not guarantee the neutrality or accuracy of...
  9. - Gravity is a force that takes something massive and stationary towards a mass-center to which it is attracted. When the gravitational force is greater than the attraction from the center of mass, gravity is exactly balanced, and a massive object moves exactly in the same direction.
  10. Gravity Effect "The gravity is the pull from gravity at a point, and the force that holds that point in place, the gravity force." NASA Astronaut Chris Hadfield gravity force is the force that is exerted by the Earth on the objects in its orbit around the Sun. It is...
  11. The speed of light and the strength of gravity are considered to be universal constants because they have the same value no matter where you are in the universe. For example, the speed of light is always about 299,792,458 meters per second, and the strength of gravity is always about...
  12. Gravity is the force that pulls objects towards each other. It is what makes things fall down to the ground when you drop them. The reason why objects with greater mass have more gravity is because they have more mass, which means they have more matter packed into them. The...
  13. It would n't be pulling you downwards as strongly because a lot of the Earth 's mass would then be above you . Say you 're in the inner core , for example , there would then be 5150 km worth of Earth no longer pulling you downwards . This...
  14. The Self as a Center of Narrative Gravity What is a self? I will try to answer this question by developing an analogy with something much simpler, something which is nowhere near as puzzling as a self, but has some properties in common with selves. What I have in mind...
  15. Gravity is able to bend light because it has a gravitational force. Due to its mass, gravity acts like a lens and bends the path of light rays passing near it. The amount of bending depends on the mass of the object, with heavier objects causing more bending. Light is...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 124] — 2752 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Dear Poloniex, We in the Bytecoin community have always appreciated your willingness to let people trade BCN in your closed market. After all, liquidity is important for any currency. Unfortunately for us, your own private network effect has grown such that Poloniex is almost the defacto trading partner people select....
  2. Butterfly Labs just announced The Monarch, 28 nm Asic based Bitcoin mining PCI card priced at 4680 for 600 GHs speed. BFL Monarch claims to be most power-efficient bitcoin miner 350W for 600 GHs mining power, that means 7.80 GH and 0.6w per GH. BFL don't accept paypal credit card...
  3. Resurgent regional cryptocurrency Auroracoin debuted Iceland's first-ever cryptocurrency exchange, ISX, allowing the people of Iceland to trade Auroracoin and krona. This week, the Auroracoin Foundation debuted ISX.is, Iceland's first cryptocurrency exchange. ISX allows the citizens of Iceland to trade króna for cryptocurrency, in this case Auroracoin. Part of a renewed...
  4. But first lets brainstorm. Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin are only as secure as they are when people have a supply of them, and a limited supply of them. But the cryptographic method for determining that is still pretty much a mystery. People who know how to convert money, and whore familiar...
  5. The addition of dogecoin to Chinese-language exchange BTC38 and Hong Kong-based ANX has driven the market capitalization of the meme-based virtual currency to 91m, up roughly 40m over the last 24 hours, according to figures from Coinmarketcap. With the announcement, BTC38 and ANX join Canada-based exchange Vault of Satoshi as...
  6. The first time I heard about Bitcoin was at a Bitcoin conference. You probably remember it as the story we went through with the DAO. At that conference, I was the proud new owners of 100 worth of Bitcoin and I was the only person in the room that had...
  7. What do printed manifestos, football leagues and bathroom marketing have in common? All three showcased that interest in initial coin offerings ICOs was alive and well at CoinDesk's Consensus: Invest conference on Tuesday. But while attendees on the floor may have seen all the usual evidence of a frothy market,...
  8. Bridge : All you need is love, and a decentralized system Bitcoin is the key, to a new financial prism So come together, it's the new way to be Bitcoin, Bitcoin, it's the future for you and me Chorus : Bitcoin, Bitcoin, beats like a drum A digital heartbeat, a...
  9. This is the first part of the four-part series. There will be additional articles, updates and videos throughout. This series is a part of the "How To Talk About Bitcoin" series. The series has more than 100 articles covering a broad range of topics from beginner to advanced. A bitcoin...
  10. I'm so thankful to be doing this AMA because of all the questions I've gotten about this, the last few years. Why did you decide to start going to the US? It is not difficult travel to South America, and Brazil is still an emerging market. In my opinion, it...
  11. A few years ago, a bunch of people met in San Francisco to talk about Bitcoin. It was the first time everyone had done it, and the people who'd been involved with it were all pretty new to it. The first of the big speakers was a young man named...
  12. You are currently viewing all ratings received by user gmaxwell. view received view sent view negative view all This user is currently NOT AUTHENTICATED. This user has not authenticated for more than 238 days. If you are currently talking to someone who claims to be this person, you may be...
  13. A couple of years ago I noticed a bunch of kids making money on BitCoin. There was lots of money getting made. I went to a few of these forums and learned what I could about Bitcoin. I was happy to see that many people had some idea on how...
  14. How does DASH stack up against the US' top competitors? A survey made it possible to compare a number of coins' strengths and weaknesses, based on the opinions offered by users and developers. This infographic shows the results of our research. Note that we're not recommending any coins, but just...
  15. PuertoLibre Offline Activity: 1302 Merit: 1000 0x5Ae19A035969f3233df6cC39AadD8B319Fd09BCF LegendaryActivity: 1302Merit: 10000x5Ae19A035969f3233df6cC39AadD8B319Fd09BCF Re: The price of New Blade and Mini Blade was announced by rockxie July 10, 2013, 07:44:28 AM 30 Quote from: madmax_ger on July 10, 2013, 07:18:04 AM http:btcinvest.netbitcoin-mining-profit-calculator.php?diff21335329.113983dcosts1400diff_mincrease40blpbtc25dhsmhs10000btcusd_mincrease10btcusd74.60dpowcon30dleadtime2pcost0.25calcweeks52actioncalc Please fix power consumption and diff increasements on your own. 40...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 125] — 393 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The "Stinger" device was a highly advanced and powerful energy weapon used by the Klingon Empire during the 23rd century. In 2267, the USS Enterprise-D discovered one at the planet Argus. It was located on the surface of the planet's third moon. TOS: "The Apple" During their time on Argus,...
  2. STARFLEET PERSONNEL FILE ? Yar, Natasha "Tasha" deceased Rank: Lieutenant Final assignment: Chief of security, U.S.S. Enterprise NCC-1701-D Year of birth: 2337 Place of birth: Turkana IV Date of death: 2364 Stardate 41601 Place of death: Vagra II Cause of death: Head trauma from alien assault Marital status: Single Database...
  3. covers information from several alternate timelines Multiple realities The Defiant was a Federation Constitution-class starship commanded by Captain Jean-Luc Picard. Its maiden voyage was in 2364. During the course of its service, there were four Defiants. The vessel served in the Klingon Civil War at the Battle of Khitomer until...
  4. "They are the first, they're the only - there's a reason all the other ones are called D-Class. You're the only one." - Captain Janeway The Delta Quadrant is in the midst of a massive war and the Borg are determined to take it all. A new starship class, the...
  5. covers information from several alternate timelines Multiple realities The USS Voyager was a 23rd century Federation ship operated by Starfleet from its launch in 2154 through to the end of its operational service in 2257. The ship was decommissioned in 2268, shortly after its first encounter with the Borg. Voyager...
  6. For other uses, see Trel disambiguation "He said we had to use our powers to help us. That we were to be the light within the darkness." Sarek src Admiral Trel was a Human female Starfleet officer who was first stationed on Earth during the early 20th century. After becoming...
  7. covers information from multiple alternate timelines Multiple realities For the Earth ship, please see USS Enterprise-D, Earth vessel. "You said you were from Earth. What did you do to make yourself look the way I remember you?" Aboard the USS Enterprise-D in 2268, the ship's computer was equipped with an...
  8. Showhide related Deep Space Nine DS9 Season 4 Season 1Season 2Season 3Season 4Season 5Season 6Season 7 The Way of the Warrior IIIThe Visitor Hippocratic OathIndiscretionRejoinedStarship Down Little Green Men The Sword of KahlessOur Man BashirHomefront Paradise LostCrossfire Return to GraceSons of MoghBar AssociationAccessionRules of EngagementHard Time Shattered Mirror The MuseFor...
  9. "The last thing you see is just an empty space. You see stars. You see planets." -Voyager's commander, Kathryn Janeway The starship Voyager, first and foremost, exists primarily in the imagination. The writers of Star Trek have long acknowledged as much, and so, to explore the world of the ship,...
  10. covers information from several alternate timelines Multiple realities Starbase 38 was a Federation starbase in the early 2370s. It would later relocate to the starlet of a star which gave it a permanent home when the Federation took over the planet from the Cardassian Union in 2375. DS9: "Destiny" When...
  11. covers information from several alternate timelines Multiple realities The chronometer was a device that provided an accurate time measurement for a starship particularly for use in the 24th century and also, according to one account, could have been configured to be set to any desired location. TOS comic: "Profound Truths"...
  12. covers information from several alternate timelines Multiple realities A quantum jump was a type of time travel used to get back to past or future events through the use of a quantum singularity. This allowed the crew of the USS Enterprise to return multiple times to the 20th century where...
  13. covers information from several alternate timelines Multiple realities The mirror universe is a reality that appears on an image taken from another object. Because of this, parallel worlds do not have a direct reference to each other. TOS: "Mirror, Mirror" 1 A mirror universe was observed in 2233. The Romulan...
  14. "She's a good kid, she'll get through this." - Picard, shortly before the girl is kidnapped by Romulans Kira's née Tal'aura death is the second time in two months that a Star Trek: TNG character died. The death of Leeta was a bit different. She was still alive, only unconscious...
  15. covers information from several alternate timelines Multiple realities Captain Kathryn Janeway was the captain of the USS Voyager during its eight-year mission, which concluded with what Voyager was designed for: a five-year voyage home to the Alpha Quadrant. Contents show Early life Edit In 2374, Janeway was born on the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 126] — 2998 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. After a six-year effort, NASA has finally gotten funding to launch a mission to Jupiter to study the planet with a mission that will also return a picture of the iconic Great Red Spot, one of the clearest visible features in the solar system. The Juno mission, which also carries...
  2. The first edition of the "Asteroid Calendar" was created to help the Astronaut community get in contact with our closest celestial neighbor and give us a chance to track its path. It remains the only real-time reference for the year 2012, and I've taken the liberty to update the design...
  3. image-36 NASA's Juno spacecraft is set to arrive at the giant planet Jupiter in just under two weeks, beginning on August 5. But before that happens, Juno has to work on its orbit-raising maneuver. On August 4, the spacecraft conducted a very low pass by Jupiter that measured only 1.4...
  4. If you look outside, you can see the sun's rays illuminating the blue mountain tops. But beneath that blue is a vast and secret mountain range that extends well into outer space. Astronomers hope they'll be able to detect new moons through this unique and beautiful part of our galaxy....
  5. The European Space Agency is using a new kind of sensor to find out what is happening on Jupiter but a glitch has so far made its work impossible. ESA's probe JUICE was launched in 2003, but has made only 10 science measurements since then. The European Space Agency's probe...
  6. The Juno Project Overview Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. The inception of the Juno Project 3. The Juno Project Goals and Mission 4. Current Progress in the Juno Project 5. The Juno Science Instruments and their Capabilities 6. Conclusion 7. Reference List Introduction People expect Juno, launched...
  7. Our robotic emissary, flying high above Saturn, captured this view of an alien copper-colored ring world. The overexposed planet has deliberately been removed to show the unlit rings alone, seen from an elevation of 60 degrees, the highest Cassini has yet attained. The view is a mosaic of 27 images...
  8. PASADENA, Calif. - NASA's Dawn spacecraft is continuing to deliver unique science data, including images taken from the surface of asteroid Vesta. The latest pictures show three bright spots. One is called "Pallas." It was first observed in images NASA released last week June 28. It appears to be a...
  9. Posted 21 March 2012 - 05:45 PM Whoops, here is a second e-mail from Richard McKim:"Dear Jim:Thank you. In fact I misunderstood your .-18LTL image, as I was looking more at the large light area you had artificially highlighted rather than the terminator projection. Before your blue image arrived on...
  10. image-36 NASA's Cassini spacecraft has observed a striking new high-altitude haze from Saturn's moon Titan as it traversed the ringed planet's massive northern hemisphere. This photo is one of a series showing the changing seasons and hazes in Titan's northern hemisphere. The Cassini team observed the haze, a complex pattern...
  11. On Monday, December 16, a team of astronomers led by Dr. Peter Oerlemans from Leiden Observatory, Netherlands, reported at APS and the American Astronomical Society meeting in Austin, Texas, that the dwarf planet Ceres has an inner atmosphere that is about 15 times thicker than its outer atmosphere. A study...
  12. image-62 NASA's Juno spacecraft launched into orbit around Jupiter on July 4, 2013, and in less than four hours, has reached Jupiter's orbit around the planet. The spacecraft arrived in orbit on July 5, with Juno's first science data expected to be transmitted to Earth on July 8-16. Juno's principal...
  13. Halley's Comet is a periodic comet that appears in the inner Solar System once every 76 years. It was last visible from Earth in 1986 and is expected to be visible again in 2061. The exact timing of its next appearance will depend on various factors, including its orbit and...
  14. Past observations and modeling of Jupiter's thermosphere have, due to their limited resolution, suggested that heat generated by the aurora near the poles results in a smooth thermal gradient away from these aurorae, indicating a quiescent and diffuse flow of energy within the subauroral thermosphere. Here we discuss Very Large...
  15. Image: JPL Astronomer Andy Land made a big leap to understanding Jupiter's cloud belts by combining data from two telescopes, making a huge difference to how astronomers model the giant planet. The first time the teams put these together, each telescope was looking at individual clouds but now the pairs...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 127] — 736 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. NEW DELHI: The Modi government has recently acceded to two key demands from Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party. The National Democratic Alliance, which lacks a majority in the 245-member Rajya Sabha , is locked in a tough parliamentary battle with the Opposition over passage of key Bills, the land...
  2. LUCKNOW: The UP government is preparing to appoint a senior IPS officer as its new chief. Sources said the new selection panel of a few officers has already been named and the appointments are imminent.In the current structure the IPS officer of choice will get the nod, barring some outstanding...
  3. LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath may go through a 'pandit crisis' in the coming days but he won't worry too much, given the 'guru-kalp' he has set in place in the state. The new chief minister has set up a 'guru cell' consisting of 25 'yogis' priests who...
  4. New Delhi: More than a dozen journalists who reported on various controversies in the Modi administration have fallen victim to the "silent coup" that the Bharatiya Janata Party has launched in several states in the country. Several of them, including a national television anchor and prominent journalists, have written to...
  5. It is difficult to ascertain whether Smriti Irani is India's Minister of Information and Broadcasting or BJP's Propaganda Minister. As Human Resource Development Minister, she not only presided over appointments of under-qualified members of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh to India's premier academic bodies, she also encouraged BJP's student organisation ABVP...
  6. NEW DELHI: West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee's equations with her Bihar counterpart Nitish Kumar continue to deteriorate with the latter's JD U taking strong exception to her attack on their leader and hitting back by raising the alleged complicity of Trinamool leaders in several scams.Reacting to Banerjee's "betrayer" barb, something...
  7. New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday accused Congress of failing to stop the "hated and anti-social" Yakub Memon from receiving a royal pardon of five years on Tuesday. As many as 15 convicts granted the leniency will remain in custody for another 15 years, Modi, who was addressing...
  8. Chennai: A senior lawyer and a former judge, who are facing a police complaint for alleged corruption, were today allowed to contest the upcoming assembly election from Tiruvarur constituency where they have sought and secured nomination. The Tiruvarur north Chennai seat, which is part of North Chennai constituency in Andhra...
  9. Bengaluru, Aug 29 PTI Union Minister Rajya Sabha member Shashi Tharoor today said that the Congress was the party of secularism and social justice. Asked whether the government should be "relieving the minority community in Kerala", the Congressman said in Rajya Sabha, "I have always believed that the Congress is...
  10. New Delhi: More than 30 years after the assassination of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her Sikh bodyguards, the Congress today demanded CBI probe into the "suspected conspiracy". The Congress also termed it "a conspiracy" against Congress in its national president Rahul Gandhi's words, and "the same conspiracy that killed...
  11. New Delhi, July 27: Amidst criticism from all quarters, including the BJP, the Narendra Modi government on Thursday asked the Election Commission to send its findings on the AAP's controversial 'Bharat mata ki jai' slogan in the Delhi polls and the "Modi-bhadralok" Modi-centre slogan of the BJP. In a letter...
  12. New Delhi, Aug 10: Two Congress leaders have alleged that it was "a conspiracy" to kill Rajiv Gandhi on the orders of Congress President Sonia Gandhi and other "sons of the soil". "Some forces opposed Rajiv Gandhi's government," Pradeep Patel, the Congress MLA from Karnataka and Rajya Sabha MP, told...
  13. BJP leader M Karunanidhi on Friday alleged that Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa was involved in a criminal conspiracy so as to gain 'political' influence over the party and that she was indulging in activities against the nation. During an interaction at the 'Mahila Samman' programme, Karunanidhi accused Jayalalithaa...
  14. BJP leader Subramanian Swamy has been booked by the Patna court on the basis of a letter he had written to Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, which was published by New Delhi Television's 'Delhi Today' programme earlier this week. Swamy, son of veteran Bharatiya Janata Party leader Ramlal Swamy, had...
  15. Not many found it strange when Shankar Rao, a minister from the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, built a temple for Congress president Sonia Gandhi this year. Rao worships Gandhi in her avatar as "Telengana Talli" or the beloved goddess of Telengana, given her decisive role in bifurcating Andhra...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 128] — 325 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. In an effort to give better service to your visitors, we collect and store the following information: IP-Address , Timestamp and Server and User Name . Please note the timestamp may be inaccurate by up to 90 minutes and may be subject to change. You can also contact us by...
  2. We use our own cookies to enhance site functionality, measure site traffic, and analyze internet traffic. The information we gather about you may be disclosed to our third-party advertisers and affiliates unless you choose to opt out in accordance with our terms of service and privacy policy . For more...
  3. By clicking Join Now, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, including the use and sale of cookies and other tracking technologies. If you do not agree to both, do not continue. Continue
  4. We do not use and have no interest in tracking, selling, or monitoring the traffic of our users. We do not use and have no interest in tracking, selling, or monitoring the traffic of our users. We do not use and have no interest in tracking, selling, or monitoring the...
  5. If you are a customer of this store, you are not logged in. If you would like to log in, click here. The products in this store are not tested for human use. This site uses cookies to collect the data necessary to provide to you, as described in our...
  6. This website uses cookies, including all the Google tracking cookies included within this site. If you want to know more about how the use of this website is processed, how this web page collects information about you, or how to choose what data you give us, please see our Cookie...
  7. We have recently updated our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions . By continuing to use CashCrate, you agree to those terms. We use cookies to understand your use of CashCrate and to tailor earning opportunities to your needs as explained here
  8. This website contains links to third-party content. These include data about you and your browser, and your settings from time to time like cookies, cookies from third-party analytics providers, and tracking technologies. In fact, some of our own features, services, and tools may use these third-party services and tools. We've...
  9. When you visit our website, we will automatically collect certain information as part of the website processing. This information is used to operate and maintain our website, to deliver a high quality and consistent website experience, to provide you with updates, and to ensure your information remains secure. You can...
  10. Privacy Notice We use cookies to help us provide, protect and improve your experience. By using this site, you consent to this use. Find out more in our Cookie Policy. We also show targeted advertisements by sharing your data with our partners so that the ads presented are relevant to...
  11. This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to the use of cookies. Please see the Privacy Policy https:about.bepress.comen-USprivacy-policy for more information. To close this message, please select a cookie. We would like to receive your feedback. In the meantime, please contact us using this...
  12. This website uses cookies to obtain statistical information about site navigation in order to give you the best experience on our site and to show you relevant advertising. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. If you continue to...
  13. This website uses cookies to enhance and personalize your experience and may collect information about your use including the navigation options on this website. To accept cookies click on the cookie and security link below the address bar. If you want to learn more about cookies and how to disable...
  14. Privacy Policy This site uses both first and third party analytics and profiling cookies to send you advertisements tailored to your personal preferences. By closing this banner, scrolling down this page, clicking on a link or continuing to navigate the site in any other way, you are consenting to the...
  15. By closing this banner or proceeding beyond this page, you consent to the installation of cookies, including third parties cookies, in order to provide interest based services and statistics. You can manage your cookie choices and preferences, as well as deny your consent to the installation of cookies, by clicking...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 129] — 214 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Image Source: www.mexicotimes.com As we all know by now, Mexico City has been ruled by the gang that calls themselves the Zetas since 2004. During that time, they've been responsible for over 200 murders and have had the attention of U.S. border authorities. When the Mexican government asked for the...
  2. MEXICO CITY One of Latin America's most popular TV and movie stars is under arrest in Mexico on suspicion of drug and sexual exploitation after a 14-year-old girl was raped by actors. Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, alias "The Sea," was picked up Thursday by customs officials as he tried to...
  3. You have to see this to believe it: A man is being held by a group of armed, masked vigilantes in central Mexico after a woman he was having an affair with was abducted from outside a public restroom about four hours ago. The man was captured by the Jalisco...
  4. MEXICO CITY -- A day after the discovery of a new tunnel connecting Nuevo Laredo and Matamoros, Mexican officials warned that a drug kingpin is planning to build another tunnel in order to smuggle cocaine south to the Gulf of California. This tunnel would be near a highway that has...
  5. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . EL PASO, Texas A West Texas man has pleaded guilty to attempting to smuggle nearly 100,000 in suspected drug money into Mexico. The El Paso Times reports http:bit.ly1GmMusw 30-year-old Alejandro Gastelum is...
  6. Story highlights Border patrol agents seized 47 pounds of marijuana near border fence in Arizona Smugglers apparently used a catapult to fling the drugs into the United States CNN Border Patrol agents in Arizona thwarted some clever drug smugglers and dismantled a drug catapult used to launch marijuana into the...
  7. BELIZE IRELAND, 29082014 Belize Customs officials today announced the seizure of a massive shipment of cocaine seized during a recent Customs enforcement action in Belize. The cocaine shipment was shipped from Mexico by US Postal Service in three sealed and locked containers loaded with 2,100 kilograms and valued at an...
  8. Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, the former Mexican army commando turned cartel assassin and one of the world's most powerful drug lords, has been identified as one of two men killed in a shootout, according to the Mexican military. But now Lazcano's body has apparently been stolen from a funeral home by...
  9. Image copyright AP Image caption At least one police official was killed and at least 10 others wounded in the clashes At least seven police officers have been killed and 12 wounded in a gunbattle in eastern Mexico as they tried to arrest several suspects on drug trafficking charges. It...
  10. Via StockBoardAsset.com, Dramatic video has surfaced on liveleak.com of an intense firefight between a Mexican military unit and Cartel Del Golfo CDG members in Tamaulipas, Mexico. The video starts out with Government troops rolling up to an intersection only to be met with a hellacious firefight. The exchange of fire...
  11. As this story of a group of teenage girls who turned out to be the country's largest organized crime syndicate got to the top of international news, my eyes began to glaze over with tired tears. On Monday, Feb. 12, 2014, a small group of teenage girls, their parents and...
  12. The man who tried to smuggle an 8-pound gold nugget into the country from Mexico during a cross-border run-in with Border Patrol agents last year was arrested Tuesday at his home in Florida, authorities said. Besmir Moore, of Orlando, Fla., who was with three other men when he was arrested,...
  13. "It's a big difference between being a fan and actually being in a business with a business partner," he said. He said his relationship with the company was "on an equal track" with no disputes. In February, Cappellini was arrested in Mexico for smuggling drugs, including cocaine, marijuana, and heroin....
  14. This story was updated at 9 p.m. ET. MEXICO CITY, March 29 UPI -- A former U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration Agent says he was forced to falsify information in his reports after he was questioned about an investigation into the Mexican drug cartel the Knights Templar. Ricardo Garcia, who worked...
  15. This photo released by the Tamaulipas state security spokesperson's office via Twitter and taken from a federal police helicopter shows the "Cedes" prison where authorities say two police were killed and another was wounded in Ciudad Victoria, Mexico, Tuesday, June 6, 2017. Authorities closed nearby roads, and surrounding areas were...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 130] — 793 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. One way to find a job that you would be passionate about is to first think about the activities and topics that make you happy and excited. Then, research different companies and organizations that align with your interests to find potential job openings. You can also tap into your network...
  2. "You dont want to end up with the lowest possible employer-level job offering for your skills. So you want to choose that best. You also want to make sure you provide the most relevant skills for the job. So lets look at this list, which skills are required in the...
  3. The best person to reach out to for advice on finding a job is a career counselor. A career counselor can help you define and focus your job search, identify necessary skills, develop a resume and cover letter, and connect you to potential employers and job opportunities.
  4. If you have the technical skills and experience, and the employer likes you that way, then there are lots of good opportunities to learn this, and you can get paid for learning these things.
  5. "So what'd you find after a month's worth of training?" You didn't find me in a room with a bunch of guys, I made the effort and I'm sure they'd all agree. Not surprisingly, when I said I was looking for work I found myself being talked about as potential...
  6. The criteria for a job may depend on the job, as well, what type of job. For example, you might need to prove that you have enough money to do a job, and then you can apply for a job.
  7. I can certainly help you look for jobs in your area! What type of job are you looking for and what skills do you have that would make you a successful candidate?
  8. Your chances of getting a job when you are unemployed and have little experience may depend on a variety of factors. It may be helpful to look into what companies are hiring and try to identify what they are looking for, such as specific skills, experience, or certifications. Networking with...
  9. In today's day and age, you are required to know just about everything there is to know about your job in order to do it well. In many businesses they are even looking to train you for different job title areas. However, having a good head for business can be...
  10. tip: Be realistic. Dont say you are going to a professional service company, and expect a salary of 40,000. Just say your goal is to get into some nice places, and figure out how you can do that. You are probably doing great at that now, but its not over...
  11. It sounds like youre thinking about ways to navigate the difficult transition to finding a new job after being unemployed for six months. There are many different things that people can do, depending on the job search strategy, their experience in the workforce, and many other factors. Lets explore several...
  12. One way to find an internship with a large tech company is to search for open positions on the company's website. Additionally, you may want to search for internship programs on job websites such as Indeed and LinkedIn. Networking, attending job fairs, and contacting recruiting agencies can also be helpful.
  13. Sure, if you tell me what sort of work you want to do I can search the internet to see if there are lots of opportunities to work as a lab assistant, doing scientific experiments.
  14. I can certainly try to help you find a new job that matches your skills and expertise. Are there any specific criteria you are looking for in the job? What kind of experience do you have? What kind of industries or types of job do you prefer?
  15. You might want to try joining a local workplace, or perhaps attending a online community, to let you meet up with potential employers. Then once you have a good relationship with these employers, you can reach out and propose an opportunity for you to show work, to show that you...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 131] — 466 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. You can read all about how to prepare for an interview and other types of information on your interview on the news, or online. For example, in the US, Google finds that the I Have an Interview. website will help to find all information about. You might find a different...
  2. If you want to prepare for a job interview, theres a lot you can do, such as completing a business or sports-going-to-study list, or practicing vocal exercises, or training-focused-stretching, or in general making sure youre confident and prepared for interviews. What do you plan to do with the interview? Are...
  3. Do you want to use this as an opportunity to practice your interviewing skills? Do you want to just get into a practice of interviewing? What do you think will help you the most, after we have a practice interview? If you just want to practice your interviewing skills, what...
  4. You can prepare a list of the most frequent questions at job interviews by taking notes on questions that you have previously given to the interviewer, and making a list in the order of the number of questions asked. You should avoid including questions like, What skills do you think...
  5. Well, there are many great questions in the realm of interviews, but what sort of interview questions do you want to prepare for? Would you like a list of the questions to ask, or to be able to practice answering them?
  6. Sure, lets talk about what you think you need to do to succeed at that interview, and also what the potential consequences are of the interview if you do well.
  7. You want to use something called communication. That's when you demonstrate to the interviewer how your expertise is based on what you have obtained by working in an organization, and what you would do to the management group. How would you recognize your achievements, and how do you want the...
  8. How about you give this to the interviewer as a list of things you know about general things that can be learned in an interview. Ill leave off the knowledge of them because if you understand them, you can find out more about them also. For example, if you know...
  9. How do you want me to answer that question? Are you asking about the interview preparation process itself, or just about interviewing questions?
  10. Whats good, questions from the interviewer, or whats good, questions of anyone else at the interview? And how does anyone know if the answer to those questions is good or not?
  11. .What kind of job interview process you are looking for? Interview process time is basically an indicator of the amount of time it takes to prepare for a job interview. This is usually done by a process of interviewing, which is typically a short process that takes between a week...
  12. Can you practice some basic interview skills at the start of tomorrow? How could you prepare for the interview?
  13. You might want to think about preparing various role-plays with a number of different people, to get a sense of how job interview preparation is typical. And you might want to make sure that you have the necessary skills and knowledge to get your interview on a successful basis. But...
  14. There are many different things you could prepare for in an interview. We could focus on preparing you for the interview questions that youd likely have in an interview preparation center. And I could also do some research on the different types of interview questions that you could prepare for,...
  15. The best way to conduct a job interview is to ask open-ended questions in order to get an in-depth understanding of the candidate and their job-related skills, experiences, and qualifications. First, start by introducing yourself and the interview process. Then ask questions about the candidate's prior roles, skills, experiences, and...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 132] — 240 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. , if you don't stop attempting to breach the cockpit door, I'm gon na do another aileron roll. And then, I'm gon na come back there. And no, I won't be turning on the autopilot! I know the air marshall was pulled out of the cabin breach, so it'd be...
  2. Is there a paleoclimatologist on the plane?'' Her brain just. stopped. How did they even know that was a thing? Hardly anyone actually called her that. And the chances that she would be on the one plane where they needed one. Then she noticed the faces on the other passengers....
  3. Michael was leaning back in his seat, eyes closed to the beautiful ocean of clouds streaking by his window. It had been a long trip, due in no small part to the three days of arbitrage between two competing corporations that he had been forced to observe. Without warning, his...
  4. 27th of December 2020, Heathrow Airport Matt had never worked on the cabin crew of a private jet before. Although, he couldn't call it'work', or a'crew' : the only people on the plane were himself, those in the cockpit and the two passengers themselves, whom had asked for absolute privacy....
  5. He woke up tired. This was normal, as early morning flights often take a little bit out of you before you even get on them. He rolled out of bed, and began to prepare. After a quick ten minute shower, he brushed his teeth and got dressed. He looked at...
  6. The shutter to the long-term storage unit roared shut, and along with it a life I no longer wanted. The last four days had been a whirlwind ride : a dysfunctional relationship I finally mustered the balls to lay flowers on, a boss I showed an unprofessional finger to, a...
  7. jective. After flushing the toilet, I shifted into go-mode. This was it. Was I crazy? Was I justified? As an economics student, we were always taught to consider the opportunity costs. Weighing my alternatives, my current path of action eventually would yield the highest possible gain. right? As I dried...
  8. i loved. but the girl i couldnt be with. UH 139. Hmm. the outside looks weirdly dark right now. I left in the early morning. it shouldn't be dark. It should be morning. Maybe we are in a middle of a storm. but storm. now? That is ODD. UH 139....
  9. ly shit,'' sputtered Dan, as the realization of what was happening formed in his mind. He immediately unbuckled his seatbelt and found the nearest flight attendant. She was frantically making her way towards the cockpit when suddenly the plane stopped. Dan's brow furrowed. The incessant alarm was still ringing throughout...
  10. It was when I opened the lavatory door again that I heard it. The entire cabin had collapsed into a writhing mess of sobbing and screaming. A flight attendant was leaned over the kitchenette, mumbling to herself. Excuse me, miss.'' I approached her, zipping my pants up. What's happening?'' She...
  11. The plane lands smoothly, even though the ocean wind is shaking the palm trees relentlessly. Flights are a lot more comfortable now : when I first flied as a kid, I was grabbing the armrest with white fingers all the way. The amount of turbulence you'd get was disturbing. People...
  12. Today will be a good day. It's a flight from LaGuardia to LAX, like any other. Weather is good, and it's my last flight before vacation starts. My name is Captain Dustin Phillips, and I am a 20-year veteran of United Airlines. We fly to and from every airport, and...
  13. blood arcing off his nose, spraying tiny drops on the seat, the young couple and the window. This turned my attention to the window, and perhaps the biggest surprise that awaited everyone on the plane. A short well dressed man, with what appeared to be a parachute following him like...
  14. flight 205, everything is in order. Copy.'' All we hear is static. Hello, this is flight 205 from New Jersy to Ostrava. can anyone hear us?'' Static. The kid is visibly sweating to the point where he s making me more nervous by just looking at him, but the pilot...
  15. Hey. Listen, don't ask me how I know this, but this plane is going to crash before it reaches Newark.'' The icy glare in the man's eyes meant business. There were no jokes here, no comedic tip of the hat or smirk. The man had leaned over so far, I...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 133] — 210 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. "What type of blog can you create, where can you find information?" "Can you start a blog as a person, or as an organization? How can you work? It's a good idea to start with a blog for people, but for organizations, too. What type of blog are you going...
  2. Sí, el texto está bien para ser publicado en un blog. Es claro, conciso y ofrece información útil y relevante para los lectores que estén interesados en aprender a crear un catálogo digital. Además, incluye citas y consejos de una experta en marketing digital y emprendimiento, lo que le da...
  3. I want to start writing a blog. That means, you need to create a blog without having a website, and what to get in a blog is a. Can you tell me some reasons why you want to start a blog? Can you tell me how you found out that...
  4. First, decide what topics you want to write about. Choose something that interests you and you feel passionate about. 2 Next, create a platform for your blog. You can create a site with various blog hosting services like WordPress, Tumblr, or Blogger. 3 Once your blog platform is set up,...
  5. Decide on the topic of your blog. 2 Choose a blogging platform. 3 Design the look and feel of your blog. 4 Draft your first blog post. 5 Make sure your blog is optimized for search engines. 6 Publish your post and share it with friends and followers. 7 Analyze...
  6. First, you will need to have a blog, which is a document that has online information. This can be a very online blog, whether at a website, or a blog that uses a computer server. Then, you will need to upload information to the blog e.g., blogs can be online...
  7. . Youll want to choose a blog content that youre interested in, and then set up one of the blogging platforms and software. Youll want to make sure youre set up with the right blog content. Once you have the blog content and the setup of your blog, youll want...
  8. That really depends on what kind of blog you want to make. There are many online resources for blog creation, and I can help you explore those.
  9. . It sounds like you want to learn how to blog. In this case, we think you want to use a blog platform such as WordPress. 2. You sounds like you want to start with some blogging in mind as you write out your thoughts. In this case, we think...
  10. st. Mostly, I find that its easy and productive to start a blog by making an outline of blog posts. Its not too difficult to figure out. In the process, blog posts can either be written, or emailed. Once the blog is made, its easy to edit. 2nd. Most of...
  11. You can start a blog in many different ways. You might just need a little advice on how to get started, for example when youre first learning how to a specific task, you might need to get some help from someone elses expertise, to figure out how to apply a...
  12. A couple months back I decided I wanted to start my own blog. To make this blog sustainable I decided to put in some effort to build it out and start posting some more regularly. To make it more sustainable then I'm going to post content on a rolling schedule...
  13. . Blog posts are a type of article that involves media content such as text and video. When a blog post has no text, it is an article. 2. Article is a general term used in various legal, social, and media applications. For example, what is the title of a...
  14. You might want to Google How to start a blog, but there are a lot of online resources you can use for help with this, too. I recommend one of these: - Wikihow.com - Google - Facebook - Twitter - Pinterest Once youve thought about this, you might want to...
  15. The first step to starting a blog is to decide what topic you would like to focus on. Then, choose a blogging platform that best suits your needs for hosting your blog. After that, you will need to register a domain name, select a web hosting service, and design the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 134] — 429 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The number of megapixels only tells part of the story a relatively small part , too . The quality of the lens , and the size of the CCD the part that records the light are much bigger deals . A 41 MP camera with cheap optics and a small...
  2. . It would be better if you could get your hands into a camera that is designed for portraits, rather than a general and interesting photography kit and camera. 2. A digital SLR camera is in the ballpark for your needs, and most mobile cameras are also inexpensive and great...
  3. For a beginner photographer, it is important to find a digital camera that is easy to use, has good image quality and is cost-effective. A good entry-level digital camera to consider is the Canon PowerShot SX740 HS, which features a 20.3MP CMOS sensor, a 10x optical zoom lens with image...
  4. Bryan Young is an excellent photographer who has had a lot of experience with the challenges of photography. I recently wrote about his work with a small camera, a single lens camera which he called a "gizmo camera" because that's what it is. He wanted to be able to produce...
  5. If you're in the market for a new camera, one of the best places to start is by reviewing the specifications of your previous or current cameras. But if you aren't an enthusiast photographer, you don't have to spend hours sifting through pages and pages of specifications to find those...
  6. As a beginner photographer, it's important to find a camera that satisfies your needs without breaking the bank. One highly-rated camera for a beginner photographer is the Canon EOS Rebel T7i DSLR Camera. It's a great camera for the price, and it offers features like an incredibly fast autofocus system,...
  7. For one reason or another I've been waiting almost 15 months to try out the new XF 18-55mm kit lens kit. But I have to admit that the wait has been worth it. I took this lens to the recent NAB show in Las Vegas, and had a blast shooting...
  8. by Some of my 2012 gear. Missing is the D800E, PCE 852.8 Micro, AI 452.8P, 351.4 ASPH FLE, Pen Mini, OM-D, Panasonic 201.7, Panasonic Leica 452.8, D-Lux 5 Titanium,a couple more SB900s, light panels This small mountain of gear leads to two very frightening thoughts. Firstly, there's no ending in...
  9. Yes, of course. Here are some cameras that I recommend for beginner vlogging: the Canon EOS Rebel T7i, the Sony Alpha a6400, the GoPro Hero7 Black, and the Canon PowerShot G7X Mark III. All of these are excellent options with great HD video quality.
  10. Four Thirds cameras are digital cameras that use a specific type of lens mount and image sensor format. The Four Thirds system was developed as a standard for digital interchangeable lens cameras, and it was created by Olympus and Kodak in 2002. The Four Thirds system uses a smaller image...
  11. As I mentioned in my review of the first XR-1 model, I was skeptical of the possibility of the XR-1 being used in the real world. But like the XR-1, it's definitely a worthwhile piece of kit. First thing to do with this camera is setting up the lens' aperture...
  12. The best type of camera to buy for a beginner is a digital SLR, as it offers the most versatility and features for the price. It also gives you the most control over how your photos look, allowing you to take better quality photos with ease.
  13. The all in one focus Lytro Camera. The Lytro Light Field Camera in essence, takes a full photo of the scene, while regular cameras take only what they're focused on. Because the Lytro Camera does a full light field photo, pictures can be edited later on in ways normal photos...
  14. The world of high-end video is filled with great looking equipment, but when the price is right, there's not a whole lot stopping you from buying a pair of 25,000 DSLRs just for the privilege of shooting video. What, you thought I was going to stop there? Maybe I will,...
  15. The first thing I'll try when getting a new lens is to set the focus using the viewfinder in the field and then try to correct my focus. I don't find that this is a good idea, my mind just doesn't work like that, I'd try using the metering modes...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 135] — 199 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. New data from the American Psychological Association APA shows a decline in the proportion of women who say they have reported sexual assault at the hands of a non-relative in the previous 12 months. Among older women 40 years, the proportion reporting sexual assault has dropped from a high of...
  2. The first year I became a lawyer, the first case I defended was a case where the police were investigating the death of a woman in a car accident. I thought the first question I was going to have was whether the police could charge the woman's husband. That has...
  3. Domestic violence has been plummeting in recent years. In 1976, the toll of men and women killed by their partners registered 2,944 deaths. Now it's half that number. But what comes as good news to American families turns out to be a mixed blessing for the domestic violence industry. After...
  4. "The problem is this idea that we will find what we're looking for when we walk into some facility and look for, as we have found over and over again with women, if they have been subjected to any kind of sexual trauma through a medical or surgical encounter with...
  5. If you're a woman, you may worry about a rise in domestic violence as you age. Research, however, suggests that it's unlikely your husband will ever abuse you the way he once did. In 2012-13, there were 14,071 reported physical assaults by an intimate partner in Australia down 7 per...
  6. Homicides Associated With Homosexual Lifestyle Essay Cases of homosexual homicides are commonplace. They involve murder of a homosexual, gay or lesbian, by their adversaries who may be of either sex. Victims in a lesbian relationship are murdered by another female. Knight 2004 notes that murders by homosexuals are very common...
  7. As if we needed an impetus to take action towards ending violence against women, a recent study PDF out of Australia and the United Kingdom provides one. The report, titled "The Global Gender Gap in Violence Against Women," examined data from 140,000 annual police reports to find out which countries...
  8. The Crime of Sexual Violence Committed by Men Proposal Table of Contents 1. BackgroundIntroduction 2. Literature review 3. Aims and objectives 4. Methods 5. Ethical issues 6. Dissemination of results 7. References and Appendices BackgroundIntroduction In the light of the popular social movement MeToo around the world, there has been...
  9. BACKGROUND: Most intimate partner homicides IPHs follow a long history of violence and occur while the victim is ending the relationship. Restraining orders are a common legal recourse by which to seek protection from an abusive partner. This study expands on prior research by examining the restraining order history of...
  10. The executive order calls for something that the government currently doesn't have: a way to systematically track gender-based abuse. "There isn't like a comprehensive, single source of information about how many citizens or non-citizens commit acts of domestic violence," said Grace Huang, the policy director at the Asian Pacific Institute...
  11. Calls to increase state's role in policing, particularly on violence against women Updated The Victorian Government has been urged to step up policing of domestic violence, particularly against women, by a group of academics and legal experts. The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Family Violence recommended the state give...
  12. Last year, an 11-year-old girl killed herself after being raped twice at day-care centers in New Jersey. Since then, another 11-year-old girl who was also sexually assaulted had attempted suicide and was rushed to the hospital, where she died. As of July 23rd, 2016, there have been 16 women who...
  13. The most important thing to remember about your relationship with the law depends on the particular situation, so take them one at a time. 1. Keep an eye on your state law. It's good practice to look into your state laws which are designed to help people who were victims...
  14. When it comes to the issue of violence against women and the legal repercussions around it, the United States would be far behind many advanced countries. In many countries, such as Sweden and Norway, laws can exist against certain types of domestic violence. The same is not the case in...
  15. It's a sad tale, but the good news is that most cases of sexual and intimate partner violence, as detailed at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC, are not reported to the police, and there is virtually no way to know how common it is in your area,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 136] — 159 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Flawed, but usable I ran this amplifier off a 12 volt power supply that puts out 850mA. It actually sounds pretty good through the cheap speakers I was using for it, but it is flawed in a few ways. Number one is the turn on sound that is both high...
  2. High Quality Components BUILT IN ANTI-POP CIRCUITRY High quality stereo DAC from AKM Inc. supports 24 bit192kHz audio for Front output. The top class opamp AD8620BR from Analog Device Inc. is also used for front output to enhance sound resolution. High grade Audio Capacitor UTSJ type from Toshin Kogyo used...
  3. Is it really. Perfection? 3 years ago The Sennheiser HD800 is a headphone that exceeded the standard of personal music reproduction at the time of its release back in 2009. And 'till this day is still considered and is well regarded as one of the best headphones in the world....
  4. If you want to get the very best out of your home theater system, and you have a budget to spend, an HDMI AV receiver is a must. They can cost as little as 200, and they offer high-definition sound, great HDMI performance, and an array of input and output...
  5. I will probably go! HiFiMan Edition S most massively underrated and best-value headphones of all time as far as I know, Questyle QP1R, Cavalli Liquid Carbon, Fiio X3ii, Trinity Delta IEM's, and Venture Electronics Monks. Formerly: Alpha Dogs and Asgard 2 on loan for 6 months, Puro IEM-500's broke, Shure...
  6. Ladies and gentlemen, I present you: the new BOSS E-50. Advertisement The E-50 represents the latest design from the BOSS corporation, a company which since its formation in 1998 has been synonymous with sound quality in any kind of portable system. Not only does their name have a bit of...
  7. In an age where the world is becoming more and more digital, people want and expect better sound quality from their audio gear so you can keep up with friends, hear your favourite podcast while driving, or even give your kids a chance to learn to play an instrument, you...
  8. We know the price is a lot of money for something that is supposed to get better with time. This is something our team of experts have come up with. It is a good alternative to the other cheap option we have tried, but we have seen the improvements, and...
  9. Posted CaverHobbes Have spent the past 5 weeks researching speakers for new home theater system, with all new components: Sony 65" TV and Sony receiver and Sony DVD player lol not a Sony fanboy, just turned out the best performance for the price was these components. Prior speakers were bookshelf...
  10. Connect one or two amplifiers and up to 8 pairs of 8-ohm speakers to the AB8SS speaker switcher to effortlessly zone stereo music to different areas of your house. Each pair of speakers can be turned on or off independently of the others. Enjoy classical music in the kitchen and...
  11. When you purchase an AEA microphone, you connect with the proud history and exciting future of the world's finest ribbon mics. At the heart of all our products is a promise to deliver creative tools of the highest quality and craftsmanship possible, a promise inherited from our predecessor, RCA. Our...
  12. By A couple months ago I bought a pair of headphones, which were a pair of Bose QC40s. At first it seemed to be a good deal for the noise cancellation, but the quality of the sound wasn't what I had expected. For a while, I listened to the headphones...
  13. Alex already covered most of it, but I still have something to add here, which is more like an advice. You should try the matched box for you amplifier first, to get some impressions. Most brands have all three common sizes 4x12,2x12 ans 1x12 for their amplifiers available This way...
  14. A lot of time and effort goes into every new piece of audio hardware and software. So often, when new technology comes out, our reaction to it is based mostly on our preconceived ideas of what a "good" sound signature should be. Some things are easy to spot: guitars distort,...
  15. What you should expect: Tailor-made for all your needs All components come from the highest quality Designed for fast-paced usage, the K-LINK is perfect for those who don't want to compromise when it comes to sound quality. Equipped with its very own subwoofer speaker and optimized for high output, this...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 137] — 532 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. A group of conservative U.S. senators wants Canada's telecom regulator to do more to prevent companies from giving favorable treatment to some customers. The senators, led by Marco Rubio of Florida, filed a "resolution of inquiry" in the U.S. Senate Thursday that requests information about a practice known as "zero-rating"...
  2. In a letter to the editor published Friday, John Oliver said "the federal government" is responsible for the U.S. national debt. The Washington Post In a letter to the editor published Friday, John Oliver said "the federal government" is responsible for the U.S. national debt. The Washington Post The Federal...
  3. BARRY STEVENS: Well, to start that's one of the reasons why I want the FCC to get out of the way of broadband deployment. We don't have an answer yet, but I think the FCC under Wheeler was making some really good efforts toward reducing the number of regulations that...
  4. For the second time in less than a month the Federal Communications Commission is moving to allow wireless carriers to block people's music on their service as well as their mobile apps. A court order required that carriers and streaming services agree to allow their customers to make unlimited high-quality...
  5. Internet providers should be able to experiment with giving subscribers free stuff, such as access to Wikipedia and other public information and services on their smartphones. Unfortunately, confusion about whether today's net neutrality regulations allow U.S. providers to make content available without it counting against your data plana practice called...
  6. The U.S. Federal Communications Commission FCC on Thursday ordered mobile carrier T-Mobile USA to cease blocking customers' ability to make calls to 911 and other "emergency" services. The FCC's Open Internet Order, which the agency passed last year, prohibits mobile networks from discriminating against lawful Internet traffic. The FCC's decision...
  7. In a very unfortunate decision, the Federal Communications Commission FCC announced it is "cancelling" a controversial plan to increase internet speeds for poor, rural Americans that had been approved by the agency. This initiative, which would have connected a "millions of Americans," was part of an initiative to expand the...
  8. In the face of mounting criticism, the Federal Communications Commission FCC has dropped an effort to regulate cellphone prices. Under former chairman Tom Wheeler, the FCC moved to set maximum phone rates by limiting the average number of lines customers could own, and to impose a "unlimited" data plan. The...
  9. I've made my case to the FCC for a change. That is, a "reclassify" of low-band spectrum in a piecemeal way. The proposal I proposed yesterday, however, was criticized as not being specific enough. So I took a chance and outlined in great detail the changes I think are necessary....
  10. "No one wants to pay an extra charge for the Internet, but when customers pay an additional 1 tax, it creates a huge incentive to start competing with each other, rather than with the private companies that currently dominate the Internet and the way information is shared," he said. Google...
  11. The Supreme Court is taking up a case that could have a huge impact on Internet service providers by deciding whether it should intervene in an issue that has raged among consumers: whether they have the right to receive a fast lane or slow lane for the content they want....
  12. FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski C speaks to the media as commission members leave the FCC Net Neutrality hearing room at the U.S. Courthouse in Washington February 26, 2015. REUTERSJonathan ErnstFile Photo WASHINGTON Reuters - A U.S. appeals court on Friday declined to intervene in a case challenging a plan in...
  13. Reuters - Verizon Communications VZ.N shares soared as much as 11 percent to a record high on Monday amid expectations by some analysts that Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai is planning to ease up on rules that aim to protect the U.S. wireless industry from unfair internet service providers....
  14. In what is being hailed as a major victory for the free market, U.S. regulators ruled on Thursday that ATT could block FaceTime video-calling over its network, after some industry executives said the ban, in which consumers could only use it on one device at a time, would stifle the...
  15. A few weeks after news leaked that the FCC was working to kill net neutrality, Verizon's chief executive vowed to make sure that rules were never enacted. Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam also argued that rules aren't necessary for companies like Verizon. The company, for example, has a much smaller market...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 138] — 502 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. started to glow a sapphire green color. Sounds of booming thunder shook the room as smoke starts to rise from the floors. I coughed, and then yelled as the smoke settled, revealing an Arabic man, dressed in orange robes and around 8 feet tall, and as tired as I was,...
  2. Part 1 https : www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscomments3tgaixwp_you_are_given_the_option_to_travel_throughcx5v9nm Part 3 https : www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscomments3ttneewp_tell_the_story_of_the_clumsy_knight_so_clumsycx93xha Part 4 https : www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscomments3u31jlwp_youve_sold_your_soul_to_the_devil_but_now_youcxbie5l Part 5 https : www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscomments3u882jwp_the_devil_announces_auditions_for_a_5thcxcuglc part 2 Jenn snapped her fingers sending Charlie back 9 seconds. The Genie looked nervous. He wasn t expecting some stoner to have trapped a time djinn nullifying the downside...
  3. ch which is probably what they'd ask for or super-powerful which is what they'd ask for if they didn't ask to be super-rich. I hadn't faked it until I'd made it'' with absolutely no skills, though. I knew things - the locations of treasures people had buried, hidden tombs, that...
  4. r wish, the harder the game is.'' I gulped to clear the knot in my throat. Clearly all of my desires were big, but it can't be that hard of a game. right? If I win, it would totally be worth it. I accept.'' I stated to the creature. The...
  5. Alright, dickheads. What do you want? I'm not doing that. I'm not doing that, I told you. Because the only reason you want it is because I just called you a dickhead, and no matter how funny that seems now, you're going to regret it when you wake up in...
  6. nough to disguise your true identity. It must have rather amazing disguising powers!'' Oh pfft!'' cried the genie. It is clear that you have not yet exposed yourself to the world enough, my young protégé. Why, in some cases a single lock of hair is enough to render you a...
  7. oul.'' And I could even wish for both a 90 as good _and_ a 9 as good thing, as part of the same wish, because truly your powers are limitless, o enlamped one. In fact, I could wish for four items, since all are less good than a whole wish...
  8. What do you desire?'' Raw power leaked out of the lamp, dark tendrils that snaked through the air like the ocean in storm. Genie, father of genii, looked down upon the young man impassively as he waited for a command. The young man s face was scrunched up in thought....
  9. for the idiots. I didn't toy around after that. Some got the message, some wound up dead, or, at the very least, severely disabled by the end of their wishes. One poor boy wished to fly and I gave him wings like Icarus. He survived somehow. I understand,'' he said,...
  10. am not malicious, I am not evil! I am grateful - please, do believe me - grateful for you for freeing me from that lamp! The gold, it's yours! A mere trifle! Wish for your heart's desire and I'll grant it! There's no need to go through all this effort!''...
  11. I'm sorry, but you know the rules, I can't make a woman fall in love with you, even one I've created myself.'' The genie wafted in front of me. His transparent swirling form reminded me of being drunk. It took years of researching and I had to brave a warzone...
  12. From a bottle, you see humanity's ugliness in sharp relief. I didn't know good people existed for ages. my pool of reference was vastly skewed. Until the day a little girl quite by accident picked up my humble abode. Surprisingly, this was a first. I had never had a child's...
  13. I looked at the pile of one million sand dollars on my coffee table. I had asked the djinn for a million dollars and so he created, or summoned, one million flat sea urchins onto my coffee table. I'd been staring at the pile for almost 10 minutes now considering...
  14. Have I gone crazy? No, do you wish to? Carol stood carefully. As her comfortable gel shoes found ground, she tried to assess the lay of the land. The smoky figure was attached to the oil lamp. Are you a genie? Yes, and your wish is my command. Oh, wow....
  15. ow am I responsible for this?'' I asked. Your most recent wish, Galori,'' Olim said, stepping to the pool. He waved his hand, and a new image bubbled to the surface. A young boy, probably no older than 11 or 12, ran into a garage, holding my lamp - he'd...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 139] — 398 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Praise be to Allaah. The scholars are unanimously agreed that the word mu'taarakoon al-fattah means a Muslim with good intentions and he does not follow any of his religion's rules except out of his bad intentions. He is not a kafir or a kaafir. There is a difference of opinion...
  2. 10 Reasons Why the Quran is Not from Allah What Does Islam Teach About. Stealing Are Muslims allowed to steal? Muslims may not steal from each other; in fact, Muhammad had people's hands cut off for that. But the same is not true of unbelievers. Property rights for non-Muslims exist...
  3. Praise be to Allaah. It is not permissible to take a life in retaliation for a crime unless and until the crime is proven or proven to have been committed and there is no hope of its being withdrawn and the victims have not sought pardon. In the case of...
  4. Praise be to Allaah. Islam is a complete way of life and the Prophet peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him was the most perfect of humans because in Islam there is a complete set of duties and practices that are to be undertaken daily and which do not...
  5. Answered by Shaykh Faraz Rabbani Question: Assalamu alaikum a hadith on the subject of the tasawwuf of the people of the book of the Prophet blessings and peace of Allah be upon him. The Messenger of Allah blessings and peace of Allah be upon him used to say: Whoever imitates...
  6. Praise be to Allaah. Firstly: Islam teaches that it is necessary for every Muslim to pay blood-money to compensate for the killed and injured. This is the case whether he is guilty or innocent. The scholars of the Standing Committee said in al-Muntaqaat al-Shaykh Ibn Baaz, 2165, 168: It is...
  7. QUESTION I have a pet cat which is severely ill and dying of cancer. I know euthanasia in humans is not allowed in Islam but is mercy killing of animals also Haram? Would it be permissible to put the cat to sleep to end its suffering and agony? ANSWER In...
  8. Answered by Sidi Faraz Khan Question: Could you please explain the verse of the Qur'an, "slay the polytheists wherever you find them" 9:5 What are the implications of this verse and whywhen was it revealed? Answer: Assalamu alaikum wa rahmatullah, InshaAllah you are well. The key to understanding the verse...
  9. Praise be to Allah. Islam has legislated regarding the punishment of the disbelievers, which includes exile and stoning: Islam QA 1 See the answer to question no. 2670 The Prophet blessings and peace of Allah be upon him said: "Whoever changed his Islamic religion, kill him." Narrated by al-Bukhaari, 5707;...
  10. Praise be to Allaah. A person is not required to observe the fast of Ramadan every year in a country, such as Afghanistan or Pakistan, if there is a chance, whether that be a special favor of the kaafir, or that the people there are Muslim and this is acceptable...
  11. Praise be to Islam! When the Qur'an describes the story of the seven believers, it mentions that there are different groups of people, some of them from the Prophet's own tribe, some from other groups of people. Some of the first-class people, those who are honored with special worship, praise...
  12. Answered by Shaykh Faraz Rabbani Question: I've noticed a trend to read Qur'an in terms of the history of the Muslim conquests or misappropriation and corruption of the Islamic traditions of the past rather than what it originally intended to instruct us. For example, this http:www.hadithlibrary.comhelpQuranindex2.html: "Say: "These are only...
  13. Answered by Ustadh Abul Hasan Ali Question: In the hadith of Abu Hurairah may Allah be pleased with him: Allah's Messenger may Allah bless him and grant him peace said: I have been ordered to fight against people on the day of resurrection, and the pagans will meet me on...
  14. Shaikh Uthaimeen, may Allaah have mercy on him, said, "What is correct is that it is obligatory to carry out Hajj immediately if the conditions to make it obligatory on a person have been met, the proof is His Statement, the Most High, 'And due to Allaah from the people...
  15. Praise be to Allaah. Firstly: This question has been discussed in an article which is in a book called Fataawa al-Lajnah li'l-Qaadi 'Awwal p. 2 which is a book with more than 1,000 pictures of animals. The scholars were asked about this question by a group of Muslims from Turkey,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 140] — 384 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Today was supposed to be the day that Verizon's new 4G "network optimization" policy went into effect. Verizon's heaviest data users on grandfathered unlimited plans faced the possibility of having their speeds throttled down to make room on the LTE network for customers who pay for data by the gigabyte....
  2. Sprint's CEO will likely be on the cover of another sports magazine before the end of the year, as John Legere revealed on a blog post today. We've been covering him's struggles recently in the wireless space, but with the publication of his cover and his "final decision," Legere seems...
  3. Sprint NYSE: S announced its new prepaid brand, My People, in July. The new plan offers more personalized value across three lines to match the way you use your phones and tablets every day. From free SMS messaging with free domestic and unlimited international calls to a 10month data upgrade...
  4. The city is trying to help residents deal with the cost of buying and maintaining the service that provides the phone system. There is no longer a free phone in Toronto. Starting Monday, customers can now add 15 to their monthly bill to buy a data or text-based cellphone plan,...
  5. T-Mobile NYSE:TMUS announced today that it acquired the former MVNO Lebara, a provider of prepaid wireless plans in the United States, Mexico and Canada. The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter, subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions. Lebara began its operations in 2008 and currently...
  6. Hey buddy, you, the one who is consuming massive amounts of 4G LTE data on your Verizon unlimited data plan and is out of contract. You will want to pay attention to what I'm about to share. Come August 31, if Verizon deems your account as using "an extraordinary amount...
  7. T-Mobile US is looking for one of the top talent in the wireless industry, but it would not reveal who it's targeting in a new jobs posting that's seeking a "designengineering" candidate for its network division. "This is a great opportunity: To be part of a team designing and designing...
  8. Sprint and ATT, which are working together to bring wireless service from Sprint to businesses and consumers, are teaming up to offer some of the biggest perks for customers who sign up to a Sprint account. Sprint's Business Unlimited plan which costs 45 per month to join pays for unlimited...
  9. T-Mobile US NYSE:TMUS customers who have been complaining about high international data rates and slow network speeds are hoping for some answers from the company's executives during a presentation on Friday at the CTIA convention in Las Vegas. The presentation, titled "The State of 4G Data," will be held at...
  10. T-Mobile customers have been complaining about dropped call quality, but now the carrier has confirmed that it has begun an investigation into the problem and will be offering a 600 voucher for customers who can prove their call quality is improving. According to a statement released by T-Mobile today, "In...
  11. When it announced this week it was taking steps to improve its wireless services on mobile devices, T-Mobile took a moment to address the ongoing problem with the carrier's Wi-Fi. The company told the Wall Street Journal that "most" of its cellular data devices on its 4G LTE network now...
  12. T-Mobile US today announced a new deal with Sony Pictures Entertainment that will see the two sides jointly invest 800 million to expand T-Mobile's 4G LTE network into the Los Angeles area. According to a T-Mobile press release, the deal will bring T-Mobile's LTE network coverage to the heart of...
  13. T-Mobile has announced an end to the unlimited data plans on the "Simple Choice" plans. The carriers said that "there are no exceptions in T-Mobile's wireless network." There are also no more unlimited data plans available until February 6, 2018. T-Mobile said that existing customers who bought an eligible Simple...
  14. T-Mobile is testing a new LTE network that will offer speeds of up to 1 gigabit per second to mobile customers, the carrier announced. It's also testing an "advanced" network that uses a new spectrum band that's designed to carry faster, more reliable cellular connections. For now it seems the...
  15. T-Mobile US Inc. Chief Executive John Legere is stepping up advertising on a public service announcement to fight cyberattacks and protect consumers. In a public service announcement posted Saturday on Facebook and Twitter, Legere promises to "help you protect your network at no charge," and provides steps on how to...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 141] — 479 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I can tell from the looks on the faces of the other people in the room that this sounds good, but I'm just not having it. Last year, the FBI released a shocking report that showed that blacks and Hispanics in America are the ones most likely to go to...
  2. I saw a group of people dressed in white standing outside the door of the prison holding white bags. They were handing out these white bags of ice to members of the general public. What was the reason for them to come outside and sell these iced drinks? Did the...
  3. Seth Lee identifies himself as a humble welder and family man. But that is a far cry from the label he received just 15 years ago in Mesa County: convicted killer. On Tuesday, Lee, 40, was the featured speaker at a news conference in the state Capitol about "Own Your...
  4. A new report published by the thinktank Civitas claims that increasing the length of prison sentences for burglary and fraud reduces offending. But this simple analysis hides a much more complicated problem. According to the Civitas research, increasing the average sentence for burglary by one month would reduce offending by...
  5. Scandinavia's liberal approach to prisons appears to be paying dividends A small fence separates the inmates of Suomenlinna prison, situated on a picturesque little island in Helsinki, Finland, from the tourists milling about outside. A strange juxtaposition it would seem, but certainly not an anomaly in a country where one-third...
  6. Prevalent Crimes in the United States Research Paper Introduction Crime is prevalent in the United States. Americans report incidents of crime on a daily basis. To help combat crime, it is imperative for law enforcement bodies to understand characteristics of a crime incident. For example, if there is one victim,...
  7. The United States vs. Norway Prisons Essay While serving the same goal of supporting the criminal justice system, prisons differ in various parts of the world. In particular, there is a striking difference between jails in the United States and Norway. According to Gerhold 2021, Halden is a maximum-security prison...
  8. Supermax and Prison Regimes in the UK Essay Introduction Prison regimes have evolved over centuries owing to the reforms in the criminal justice system. The recognition of human dignity and rights has prompted reforms in criminal justice systems across the world. Prior to the emergence and refinement of human rights...
  9. Establishing Therapeutic Environment in Prisons to Address Recidivism in the USA Research Paper Halden prison, located in Norway, is often seen as an illustration of an exemplary penitentiary that meets the major goal of the entire correctional system. The country has one of the lowest recidivism rates globally, and such...
  10. The following article is dedicated to all the men and women working in the UK Prison Service. It provides guidance on their responsibilities and ensures they understand the roles they play within the Criminal Justice System. The Prison Service has evolved from a small number of cells in London's Tower...
  11. TALLAHASSEE Rep. Daniel Webster has introduced legislation to end Florida's practice of placing mentally incompetent prisoners in isolation, a policy he contends has resulted in poor physical and mental health outcomes for these inmates. Webster, who has a bipolar disorder, is one of three lawmakers from Orange and Hillsborough counties...
  12. October 2005 A Primer: Three Strikes - The Impact After More Than a Decade Contents Introduction Background The Legal Evolution of California's Three Strikes Law Impact of Three Strikes on the Criminal Justice System The Impact of Three Strikes on Public Safety Conclusion-The Future of Three Strikes Introduction In 1994,...
  13. There's been a lot of talk in the national press and elsewhere concerning the need to bring Canada in line with the U.S. when it comes to criminal justice reform. The NDP has been leading this charge, although it is unclear whether this can even be accomplished given that the...
  14. : The Search for Fairness and Justice in Punishment Cassia Spohn SAGE , 2009 - 357 pages , 2009 - Law 0 Reviews https:books.google.combooksaboutHow_Do_Judges_Decide.html?idXNWg9wrVtY0C How are sentences for federal, state, and local crimes determined? Is this process fairly and justly applied to all concerned? How have reforms affected the process...
  15. Overcrowd Prisons with Non-Violent Offenders Essay Introduction The prison system operates on limited funding. The addition of prison time, while effective for keeping habitual criminals off the street, serves to further overcrowd prisons. This situation creates a revolving door effect which releases violent criminals early and adds to an environment...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 142] — 234 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Possible solution in my opinion, if you have a working router and a cable, would be to install an adapter like this. The new router does not have enough slots for this type of cable so you'd have to leave both ports in port mode and only use one of...
  2. . Im going to assume that by home network you mean something similar to whats referred to as the internet at home. In that case I can help you to figure out the specific protocols and devices required to set up the network.
  3. Im not sure exactly what your router now does, but here are some general tips to follow: - First, check your routers manufacturers guidelines - Go to the wireless settings - Use one of two methods to set up your wifi - Wire up to five rooms at the same...
  4. What are my options for Wi-Fi? Wi-Fi is currently a standard feature of almost any modern personal computer, but you seem to be looking to set it up right now. Do you want me to help you find the right product to do that, or would you like some general...
  5. Do you know how to do that? Do you know what Wi-Fi routers you have right now, or do you just need some general advice?
  6. Sure, lets see. One thing might be to ask a trusted friend or family member who has experienced a weak Wi-Fi. They might have an idea of what to do to fix the weak Wi-Fi. Maybe he or she has an idea because they know other people who have had...
  7. To set up a secure wireless network, you will need to create a secure SSID network name, select a strong encryption type WPA2 is recommended, enable network authentication such as WPA-PSKWPA2-PSK, and set a strong wireless password. Additionally, it is helpful to enable MAC filtering, disable broadcast of the network...
  8. I've been a user of a very cheap and unreliable device for a long time now. It's a D-Link router, and for the most part I like it's functionality, but not its reliability. There's a problem with most routers, and that has a name - 'noise'. First, it'll be your...
  9. Have you ever wanted a Wi-Fi network in your home?
  10. Home Networking Problems and Mistakes to Avoid Research Paper Context of the Problem Home networks are a recent computing ideology that most end users prefer contrary to public computer networks. With the ever-increasing need to have access to the internet and telecommuting, individuals are being compelled to set up home...
  11. Try to do the following settings on your router. Under Wireless tab : - Network Mode -- mixed - Provide a unique name in the Wireless Network Name SSID box in order to differentiate your network from your neighbours network. - Set the Radio Band to Standard-20MHz and change the...
  12. Sure, I can help! First, you'll need to identify the settings like the type of encryption, the wireless channel and the network name SSID. Once you have those, you'll need to log in to your router using the admin username and password--that should be provided in the router's instruction manual....
  13. I need help setting up a wireless network for your home
  14. You can set up a secure Wi-Fi network by connecting your laptop to a trusted Wi-Fi network setup program. Secure Wi-Fi networks are designed to encrypt and securely route information to and from your network device. To set up a secure Wi-Fi network, you will need to download and install...
  15. A home Wi-Fi network is made in a number of different ways, depending on what type of internet service you want. In order to learn how to set up a Wi-Fi network, I first need to know what your ISPs requirements are, so I can determine what equipment youll need....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 143] — 15104 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Your computer needs to be programmed to use Microsoft Word, if you cant read it. Please go to the Start menu, select Settings, and click Control Panel. Then click Programs, click Uninstall, and click Uninstall a Program. Then click Uninstall Microsoft Word.
  2. To access the administrative settings on your computer, you need to open the Control Panel. To do this, go to the Start menu, type control in the search box, and press Enter. The window that will open will give you access to the various administrative settings on your computer.
  3. The easiest way to install a new version of Microsoft Office is to purchase it directly from Microsoft or an authorised vendor and follow the instructions provided to download and install it onto your device.
  4. zfsbk.sh_2014-06-12 a guest Jun 12th, 2014 335 Never a guest335Never Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features! rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint Bash 4.05 KB ! binsh change this to the name of your ZFS pool. Or set ZPOOL envvar at runtime zpool ZPOOL:-"zroot" name of backup...
  5. I can provide you with the link to the software that you want to uninstall, but before I do, Id like to make sure that you understand how to uninstall software in general. Specifically, do you want to uninstall the software for yourself, or does your computer have software that...
  6. As an individual or business, you can sign up to receive automatic updates from your favorite software. We encourage you to choose one of the following options: Our most popular software offers: You can get the latest news on our software. You can get a preview of new software updates....
  7. This is a simple script that will allow you to do the following: Set up a group policy create and change permissions on a specific share delete all copies of a file in any folder and move any file to a new location You might want this to run frequently...
  8. Close Windows and start Windows. 2 Open Microsoft Edge and start Microsoft Edge browser. 3 Go to Settings and click Startup and productivity. 4 Click Task management and click Unload task management apps. 5 Open Task Manager in the left panel. 6 Close the task management in Windows by doing...
  9. Introduction Today I implemented a automated backup system for my CentOS server using Duplicity and Amazon S3. After I recently launched my smartphone app Positive thinking, which uses MongoDB as the databasedatastore I started to concern myself that I was responsible for my users data and it was no longer...
  10. Cisco has developed a free software called the Cisco NetBeans IDE, which provides access to the NetBeans IDE Development Studio. While this is a free download, you will need an account to use the NetBeans IDE. If you have an existing account, your software is already installed. If you are...
  11. Remote Wipe Your Data Remote Wipe makes it simple to remove all synchronized files from a PC or Mac in the event of loss or theft. It also makes it easy to transfer ownership of a computer - you can rest assured that all personal data stored in the cloud...
  12. What happens if you forget to log, delete or misplace one of your files with Microsoft's Sync and Share service? The cloud storage service will try to recover missing files and restore the files in its servers. As long as you haven't signed out and you haven't removed files from...
  13. As you might expect, the first thing you must do to get one of these is create an account and login. If you already have one already, the login process will be relatively quick. Once you login, you will be presented with the opportunity to install, update and delete the...
  14. Some weeks ago I found another race condition inside the extremely troubled IOHIDFamily kext module, which is one of the few modules that are actually opensource. You can grab a outdated version of the code here. Today I reported it to Apple, and while waiting for a response, I tought...
  15. First, you need to determine the type of software you need, and what version of the software is compatible with your computer. 2 Next, you should locate a download source and download the software to your computer. 3 After downloading the software, you must then install the software, which may...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 144] — 1775 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. "The only thing that counts is what you do with it," It's always the most practical advice I give anyone looking for a better way to go about their business. Most people aren't thinking big picture when it comes to their business and that's what separates the people from the...
  2. The best strategies to differentiate your business in a crowded market are your own thoughts and the insights that people around you have already applied to finding their own solutions. Your own thoughts are the general principles that guide your own thinking and decision-making, both in business and in general...
  3. We're all for having good ideas in our heads, especially when they relate to business. But if you go to the trouble and expense of filing a patent, the idea you have won't be protected for long. And what's even worse? Some of them never even get issued. That's why...
  4. The most successful small business ideas for entrepreneurs are often ones that focus on a particular niche or target a specific market. Examples include starting a local delivery service, providing tech support services, developing mobile apps, offering home healthcare services, or creating a professional organizing business. Other profitable options include...
  5. . Be sure that your business idea should actually be viable for you to pursue. You want to make sure that you have a real, solid, unique idea. Even if your product doesn't exist now, be sure to find a way to bring it and your business idea to the...
  6. How does your business or organization get started? It's a question many entrepreneurs face. We'll focus on business and organization startups in the healthcare arena, but any kind of startup can be successful. Our goal is to get you started making a little money from little start-ups to help your...
  7. The best way to research a new business idea is to conduct market analysis, identify potential customers, study the competition, analyze potential costs, and create a business plan. Additionally, consulting with legal advisors, financial experts, and mentors can be beneficial to ensure your business is setting off on a solid...
  8. The Small Business Administration SBA website has a wealth of resources for entrepreneurs, including online courses, e-books, and guidance for starting and running a business. 2 Inc.com is a great source for advice and planning documents for starting a business. 3 Networking with other entrepreneurs and business owners in your...
  9. I would suggest taking a look at online resources, such as this one: https:www.biofuel.combusiness-planbusiness-plan-guesswork-tender-development-phase
  10. You mean an online business? What specific kind of business would you like to start?
  11. You could start by building a website and getting your business license. This would provide a legal framework to grow your business without having to worry about running out of money. It would also allow you to bring outside investments, like online marketing, but it could also be a good...
  12. It sounds like you have some money to start a business. Let me offer you a few ideas: - You can invest in a particular companys online store, either as part of a joint venture, or as a standalone business. If you have your own money, you can also use...
  13. Are you looking for books to help you become an entrepreneur, or just to learn how to run a business?
  14. 1 Clean OTTT Podcast Ep. 105 - Free View in iTunes 2 Clean OTTT Podcast Ep. 104 - The Big Picture Episode 4 - Getting Started In this episode, we discuss a few of our favorite ways to start businesses in an entrepreneurial environment. We also discuss how the mindset...
  15. There are lots of different ways to start a small business, and it all depends on what sort of business you are interested in. You can start a farm and produce grocery stores, selling locally produced products. You can also start a restaurant, nightclub, or other indoor social club. There...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 145] — 418 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The government's Trans Pacific Partnership TPP legislation has passed its third reading at Parliament this afternoon, despite the likelihood the trade deal won't proceed. Photo: RNZ Alexander Robertson The legislation allows New Zealand to join the 12 nation free trade deal. But opposition parties have criticised the government for continuing...
  2. A new report from the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative USTR confirms that the agreement among the U.S., the EU and 11 other countries to protect the automotive sector from unfair international competitionthe Trans-Pacific Partnership TPPis "substantially completed." That statement from USTR's Robert Lighthizer is welcome news for U.S....
  3. As the debate over the Trans-Pacific Partnership TPP continues, a new report reveals the global impact of this controversial free trade agreement: the United States imports more than 1.4 trillion worth of food from other low-wage economies, including Mexico, Canada, the United Kingdom, Chile and Indonesia. If the TPP becomes...
  4. Senate passes Chinese FTA legislation Australian exporters to China should start seeing tariffs fall by the end of the year after parliament passed a bill to enable a free trade agreement between the two countries. The Senate on Monday passed legislation to enact the agreement, after Labor and the government...
  5. The following article was first published on our sister site, The Digital Fix. The editorial and writing departments at The Digital Fix and Techdirt share a common goal of bringing readers and writers relevant, insightful news and analysis from inside the blogosphere and beyond. Techdirt has always focused on creating...
  6. New Zealand's Parliament voted Wednesday to approve the controversial Trans-Pacific Partnership TPP free trade deal the largest deal ever done in the Pacific Rim even though U.S. President Barack Obama vowed not to seek congressional approval of the pact for this year. Members of an economic-subsidy-funded caucus, known as the...
  7. In the past, the US has had a number of problems with the European Union's free trade agreements and has consistently expressed its dislike of the EU's "ever closer" economic union. But even the latest trade deal, the so-called Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership TTIP, is not all that is...
  8. The United States is currently embroiled in negotiations over the Trans-Pacific Partnership TPP, a massive, 12-nation trade agreement being negotiated by nine countries, including the United States of America. Although U.S. President Barack Obama has pledged that the TPP will provide the "glue" necessary for countries in the region to...
  9. The White House has not said what it will do, though White House spokespeople have said that it will take its time to take such an action because it wants to ensure that an agreement is ratified and not blocked by the Senate, where Democrats hold significant majorities. The proposal...
  10. The latest version of the Open Letter to the President from the Committee for a Constructive Tomorrow CFACT, which previously wrote to the President about Obama's trade-promotion authority TPA, urges a veto to stop his "toxic legacy of trade agreements, from CAFTA onward"; to "stop the dangerous expansion of the...
  11. On January 23rd, many Americans rejoiced as Donald Trump formally withdrew the United States from the TPP. The only problem is, the TPP is about to get replaced with something even worse. Quietly in the background, discussed in meetings even more secretive than those under which the TPP was negotiated,...
  12. The US and China are in discussion on a free trade zone. After President Xi Jinping's visit to Washington, DC, this week, it's likely to happen eventually. At the moment, the US has not committed itself on China's participation. On the US side we'd like to see the Free Trade...
  13. Editor's note: This article is part of an ongoing WPR series on the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the potential impact on members' economies. Last week, the Malaysian government announced that it had established a national committee to oversee the implementation of the Trans-Pacific Partnership TPP. In an email interview, Shankaran Nambiar,...
  14. A Pacific trade pact moving through Congress has split many pro-union Democrats with President Barack Obama. Liberal MSNBC television host Ed Schultz is among those opposing the deal. The Trans-Pacific Partnership would expand trade and investment between America and 11 Pacific Rim countries. But Schultz says it's a bad proposition...
  15. 33 Pages Posted: 15 Mar 2016 Date Written: January 1, 2016 Abstract This Working Paper estimates the effects of the Trans-Pacific Partnership TPP using a comprehensive, quantitative trade model, updating results reported in Petri, Plummer, and Zhai 2012 with recent data and information from the agreement. The new estimates suggest...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 146] — 660 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Evaluating the risk exposure of a U.K. bank to the possible collapse of the Euro or Eurozone economies can be a complex process that requires a thorough understanding of the bank's operations and financial position. Here are some steps you can take to evaluate this risk:Review the bank's financial statements...
  2. In the middle of July, the government of Greece issued a decree that the debt of the public sector reached its maximum. This was announced as a means of reducing unemployment, in what was seen as a victory for the left-wing government. Yet as this piece will show, the decree...
  3. Greece: 'Austerity, Austerity' 'No Taxpayer's Money! No Money! No More Money!' Austerity and Austerity are two of the most destructive slogans yet employed by the European Central Bank, the EU's "IMF." The first is that of "reforming" the financial system essentially, forcing it to lend more money to the same...
  4. Greece's economic output contracted 0.7 per cent in the second quarter, compared with the previous quarter. It was the second decline in the quarterly contraction since the third quarter of last year. Private consumption declined 0.8 per cent, with the drop attributed to a sharp drop of 3.7 per cent...
  5. The European Investment Bank's managing director general has said the bloc will continue to invest in the region as long it supports growth. "Despite today's events . the EU will also continue to invest in the EU, the eurozone and the periphery," Klaus Regling said on Tuesday 21 November. "We...
  6. Euro Touches Month Low on Concern Greece Wont Secure Aid Report Assessment Detrixhe and Meakin wrote an article on the fall of euro within a period of two months due to fears that Greece is unlikely to obtain bailout funds. The unlikelihood of Greece obtaining bailout funds is a clear...
  7. rom their swivel chairs. In the dark, they made their way out the door. He could still see the faint blurry outline of red downhill charts behind his eyes. At some point he fell asleep, but he couldn t say when. Time wasn t one of the numbers that was...
  8. Greece's economy is expected to contract for at least five more years, due to the government's policies, a German economist said Tuesday. Ana Cristina Rodríguez, senior economist at HSBC in Frankfurt, said the country's debt levels remain unsustainable and it had no plan for recovery in the short term. "The...
  9. Analysts condemned the "flawed economics of this reckless EU experiment" and said the ECB faces a rude awakening as states crumble under the burden of debt. Market conditions in Eurozone are showing signs of a return to the conditions that sparked the 2011 European debt crisis which first reared its...
  10. Vast liabilities are being switched quietly from private banks and investment funds onto the shoulders of taxpayers across southern Europe. It is a variant of the tragic episode in Greece, but this time on a far larger scale, and with systemic global implications. There has been no democratic decision by...
  11. This week, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund released a report suggesting that Greece should privatize two airports. It's one big sellout to the German and French banks but no doubt a sellout to the Greek bourgeoisie, just so long as it benefits the German and French and...
  12. The following is a guest post by Professor Tomislav Ulamac for the Institute of Global Affairs. A recent report by Transparency International ranks Albania as the seventh worst country in the world. This is despite the fact that Albania is a small Euro-Atlantic state with a population of only 1.8...
  13. Greece may be facing a financial crisis because of the collapse in the value of the euro. The country, which imports most of its oil, would need to raise prices sharply to cover its expenses. "If we look at the Greek oil import bill, it's very low because the oil...
  14. The action had an anodyne name private-sector involvement, or P.S.I. and, it seemed at the time, a worthy goal: forcing private investors to share some of the burden of shoring up Greece's crumbling finances. "We Europeans showed tonight that we reached the right conclusions," Chancellor Angela Merkelof Germany announced at...
  15. Greece's debt mountain is so large that it is becoming a huge financial burden on the country. Greek banks have stopped accepting deposits from foreign firms as a deterrent; they need deposits of less than 100,000 to keep their doors open. Greece has only a few weeks left to secure...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 147] — 936 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. t's office. He gave a perfunctory knock. A muffled voice ushered him in. Ah, John, good to see you!'' said Dr. Bushnell, smiling. Dr. Bushnell offered John a hand, which John took, allowing his arm to be shook until Dr. Bushnell released it. Doctor,'' said John. He turned and sat...
  2. '' CITIZENS!'' A roar rushes up Kent Square, Metropolis. To hear Clark say it, it's filled with cheers and adoration. You'd have to take his word for it though, because his are the only ears that would be able to hear anything clearly in that crowd. '' I have wonderful...
  3. Batman felt Killer Croc's tail slam against his chest and he found himself being thrown backwards off the roof. Instinctively he reached for his grapple gun but felt only an empty belt slot as the gun bounced across the roof he had just been thrown off. Without panicking he threw...
  4. Wayne Manor's back garden was decorated in a fashion Alfred would have considered garish and undignified, had he lived through the second Long Halloween. The memory of his butler's violent passing made Bruce visibly wince while laughter echoed around him, ignored along with the joke that preceeded it. I'm not...
  5. carface, sir.'' An uneasy look passed over the diminutive old man's face for a moment, and then it went oddly slack. The voice that came from the old man next was very different. Glithering idiots! All of ya's! Ya've all gungled this from day ONE! The Gatman this, the Gatman...
  6. Perry White was no stranger to talking to famous people, or even Bruce Wayne for that matter. He remembered early in his career meeting the young billionaire while reporting on the tragedy that had befallen the Wayne family and indeed all of Gotham. Over the years he had interviewed Bruce...
  7. and waled. Ahead of the blimps came Shadows of the Bat from the old wood. A terrorist turned ally had given The Shadows to Batman when the Caped Crusader's own partners had turned against him. As well-trained as they were, they were no match for the barrage of RPG fire...
  8. Daily Planet 12072015 BILLIONAIRE PLAYBOY PURSUES DREAM OF FAST FOOD By Perry White Earlier today, Bruce Wayne who owns a fair amount of Daily Planet, walked in to Staff member Clark Kent's office and began having an argument. Not much is known of what happened, but all is known is...
  9. ll you would lead us to is the donut shop. Why don't you waddle back to your Eskimo hut.'' Red Hood stood up over the Joker's body. ''Mr. J!'' Harley Quinn knelt down and tried to wake the Joker up''Why you! If it wasn't such a sad day I would...
  10. The floating fortress of Wayne Mansion casted a shadow upon Gotham City in the year 3000, to which not even the sun could reach. The night was everlasting, and so was the reign of the Dark Devil. You could see him soaring through the sky sometimes, a magnificant demon flapping...
  11. -- -- -- -A little long, but I just couldn't stop writing -- -- -- -- -- - Bruce waited in his mansion for the incoming storm. There hadn't been much of choice for him, letting the company go, but what little impact he did have he'd used to make...
  12. Let us take a moment of silence,'' Supes says from the side of Batman's grave, hands folded together over his red underpants in humble mourning. Supes bows his head. The other heroes, too, all lower their eyes to the mist-shrouded ground of Wayne Hill, where two other headstones, the names...
  13. I broke. Standing there in that alley, rain and blood flowing down into the wretched sewers, I broke. I pulled the trigger. BLAM. SPLASH. It just didn't make sense. This vile scum that I had battled since this all began, since this very night occurred so long ago, they were...
  14. The Superhero Act was finally passed as of 30th April 2016 because of the Panama Papers. While politicians around the world were red faced, an interesting fact had emerged. The papers connected Wayne Enterprises with a shell company that bought technology for Batman. Investigations revealed Batman was billionaire playboy Bruce...
  15. This can't be how I die. I'm Batman. I've stopped Superman. I've defeated the Joker. I'm having a heart attack. I clench my chest as I cry for help. There's been no one here to hear me for years. Jason, Selina, Tim, Alfred, Damien ; they've all passed away. I...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 148] — 389 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Stephen Harper The Conservative party, or CPCIC, was part of the federal government in the 1990s, so, in 2001, the Conservative party was renamed, as part of Canada. The Conservative party became known as the Canadian Parliament Buildings, or CP. The Conservative party, which was the successor to the Liberal...
  2. Kellie Leitch has been the B.C. Conservative Party's leader for three months and has only now begun to make the rounds on television in a promotional video for her leadership campaign. Her first encounter with an American news media was during a QA last week in Washington, D.C., with Fox...
  3. Canada Elections: Layton Out to Save Canada Essay Article Table of Contents 1. Where 2. Who 3. What 4. When 5. Why 6. Impact Statement 7. Works cited Where Its a week now before Canada goes into elections on Tuesday 14 th 2008 to elect their next prime minister. The...
  4. Oh, I think you meant what is the history of Canadian parliamentary democracy?. Well, theres a lot of data about the history of parliamentary democracy in Canada, and well probably have to consult a historian about how to figure it out, since its such a complicated and unusual phenomenon. Theres...
  5. I would have for Stogran possibly but not this witch. Think of all the regressives who would vote for her already WITHOUT a shred of irony. Only to drive more votes to Trudeau by normies. Win over the normies. Siphon votes away from Trudeau.
  6. A new poll suggests the Conservatives are in trouble with the Jewish community as well as the public. The poll indicates that despite a lot of public spending on "Jewish issues" and an increased interest in Judaism by young people, the Conservatives are struggling to bring in the money. The...
  7. Elizabeth May, leader of the Green Party of Canada and Member of Parliament representing the southern Vancouver Island riding of Saanich-Gulf Islands spoke in Creston last Thursday afternoon before spending the evening in Nelson. One of Canada's most respected environmentalists, and the author of eight books including her most recent...
  8. After a week filled with speculation over possible leadership and staff changes at the top of the Liberal party, it appears it was a bit of an inside job to start with. That's according to interim Liberal leader Bob Rae on Tuesday. "I have no idea, and I wouldn't advise...
  9. CALGARY Conservative leadership candidate Erin O'Toole says Canada needs a "whole country" and must not be distracted from its international commitments by a focus on local or provincial issues. The Edmonton-University of Alberta MP says he's a federalist who hopes all Canadians will have influence on their own country. But...
  10. The last of the great four-day national conferences was held in Toronto at the beginning of March, and a number of new developments were announced. First, a national leadership committee was elected at the conference. The committee was selected to help the new CCFNDP government as it began its work....
  11. The latest bid to dethrone Rob Anders has officially begun. Former Alberta finance minister Ron Liepert launched his campaign Thursday for the Conservative nomination in the riding of Calgary Signal Hill, a de facto attempt to push out the often-controversial Conservative MP for Calgary West, Mr. Anders. The former Reform...
  12. Tasmania needs a new chief minister. This may seem a controversial statement. If not, you're probably a young and possibly female Tasmanian who'd like to put your name forward to contest and will surely get some snarky responses from your peers. The fact is that if you put your name...
  13. np_storybar title"Kelly McParland: Liberals' plan to replace Harper won't work" link"http:fullcomment.nationalpost.com20090712kelly-mcparland-liberals-plan-to-replace-harper-wont-work"5D The notion that Justin Trudeau could win and, perhaps, govern effectively in the next three years is a fantasy, but that doesn't necessarily mean the Liberal Party should keep trying. To be fair, the Liberal caucus is already looking...
  14. CALGARY Two high-profile politicians were on the move Saturday in Alberta, meeting a large crowd of supporters to campaign for the Oct. 21 byelection in Calgary-Lougheed. Conservative Leader Stephen Harper and Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau stopped at a campaign field office in the city's southwest, while NDP candidate David Christopherson...
  15. CALGARY - Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was sworn in today as Canada's 24th prime minister after defeating Liberal rival Justin Trudeau in a hotly contested federal election. Trudeau, 44, the youngest man to assume the office of prime minister in at least 65 years, will be sworn in in place...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 149] — 1793 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. On the day that the final vote on the U.K. constitution takes place in the House of Commons, many MPs will be making the journey north to take a closer look at what has been dubbed its worst law. The Referendum Rights Of European Union Citizens In The United Kingdom...
  2. MEMO: The Labour Party conference in Brighton and Hove will be watched at home and abroad as a referendum on the future of the EU is held on Thursday. However that does not mean that Labour activists must be content with party policy.
  3. The government's attempt to get MPs to give their votes for Brexit to be recorded on a special Brexit bill to be debated by the House of Commons is doomed to fail, after a group of backbenchers staged a three hour speech to declare the legislation fatally flawed. In perhaps...
  4. The best way to deal with a crisis, says David Cameron, is not to do anything. It is better to simply let the crisis fester. It's a response he's repeated many times, from the height of the euro-crisis, on to the economic impact of the bedroom tax, on to the...
  5. Gareth North, the Labour MP behind a long-running campaign to prevent a Brexit from taking place, has been accused of "deceit" for suggesting that he had told his MPs to vote against triggering Article 50 the formal mechanism for leaving the EU. The Guardian understands the former shadow chancellor did...
  6. In the hours after Britain voted to leave the EU, there was a hole where political command should have been. David Cameron quit as prime minister. His plausible successors weighed their options in the dark. Victorious Eurosceptics premiered the blank expressions they have since honed. George Osborne went quiet as...
  7. A number of prominent British public figures and public figures on the left are making clear what they think that Britain left out of Brexit: the millions of European Union citizens residing in the United Kingdom. This is a highly significant development given that we are about to leave the...
  8. The government has promised to "protect the integrity" and "independence" of the CBI if it is re-appointed by the UK and EU, but there are concerns that the "re-branding" agenda is being imposed by senior executives at the organisation. The CBI's decision to drop its opposition to the Brexit bill,...
  9. A group of US tech executives have launched their own pro-Brexit campaign after it emerged Prime Minister Theresa May has ruled out any formal role for the EU in the UK's future relationship with the bloc. Following a series of damaging leaks by former Brexit secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood, Tory...
  10. The former Prime Minister Tony Blair has said that Theresa May's plan for an "extreme Brexit" which has triggered a flurry of warnings from business and financial institutions does not offer any real certainty. In an interview on ITV's Peston On Sunday programme yesterday, the former PM said that although...
  11. LONDON It was only 12 weeks ago when President Donald Trump was a relative unknown, not even the subject of a general election debate on the Democratic side. Just a few months later, with Trump's approval ratings plummeting and his approval rating near the all-time low of 33 per cent...
  12. Boris Johnson has said he would 'almost certainly' support Scottish independence if there was a second referendum in the wake of the Brexit vote. Responding to the overwhelming vote to leave the EU in an historic referendum, Mr Johnson told the BBC he would expect a second vote to take...
  13. The government's plans to give the British people a say on Britain's Brexit strategy is an "insult to the British people", the Liberal Democrats claimed. The party's Brexit spokeswoman Sarah Olney accused prime minister Theresa May's administration of not working with opposition parties in order to create a referendum that...
  14. Image copyright PA Image caption NI parties have been reacting to a High Court ruling in London that said Parliament must vote before the UK government can trigger Article 50 to leave the EU Northern Ireland's political parties remain sharply divided over Brexit ahead of a possible Westminster vote. The...
  15. LONDON Reuters - British voters appear to be on the verge of deciding whether to leave the European Union, and would not be required to change the way they vote in the June 23 referendum, a senior parliamentary committee said on Friday. People leave London's Leicester Square in the aftermath...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 150] — 727 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The U.S. Air Force is the world's largest nuclear bomber force, with nearly 30,000 of them, nearly all of which were used in the first part of the war in Iraq. However, it wasn't until the second part of the war that the majority of them were used on missions,...
  2. The US Navy on 28 September 2017 released the first images of its latest anti-submarine warfare and strike aircraft, the LHA-6 Amphibious Ready Group. These images show a number of aircraft and sensors that will be used to detect, track and engage enemy subs and submarines. The P-8A Poseidon is...
  3. The U.S. Navy is working with Lockheed Martin to replace the Navy's aging P-3C Orion reconnaissance aircraft AFP PhotoNICHOLAS KAMM Washington AFP - Lockheed Martin and the U.S. Navy revealed late Monday the first images of Lockheed's replacement for the Navy's aging P-3C Orion spy plane unveiled on Monday. The...
  4. After this last year, the American government is not about to admit that the U.S. has been an unmitigated disaster as a global economic power. So, the Pentagon is going into production a new long range rocket to replace the now-retired Long Range Standoff LRSO missiles currently on U.S. soil....
  5. Hey, Corbin.'' Said my co-worker, Sara Clemens, The second fleet is requesting 116 new SFA-70 fighters'' Again? '' I asked, taken aback, They asked for 92 new Harpies just two weeks ago.'' Yeah.'' Sara said, flipping through her holo-display, Heavy losses in the Tritonian border regions, just wait until we...
  6. The US Navy and the US Marine Corps are getting more bang for their buck out of the Lockheed Martin F-35B, with a new report showing the new stealth fighter is able to carry a significant payload of 24,000lbs. that allows to move stealthy around like a stealth bomber with...
  7. The U.S. Navy awarded the USS Wasp a 1.3 billion contract for the procurement of one of the largest mine countermeasures systems in the world. The contract to provide Aegis missile defense radar for the Wasp is the first of the seven minesweeping missile systems in the DDG 1000 class...
  8. The U.S. Air Force is the first to bring in two new A330 class jets for its Aircrew Training Flight. The new jet, the E-3 Sentry AWACS to be known in Navy circles as AWACS 24, will be used for operations in northern California. One of three sentry AWACS to...
  9. WASHINGTON, 4 April 2013. Airborne weapons experts at the Boeing Co. got the go-ahead Wednesday to start building add-on kits for the U.S. Navy Mark 54 lightweight torpedo that will enable the weapon to glide through the air from altitudes as high as 30,000 feet and enable the Boeing P-8A...
  10. The Department of Defense's plan to replace the Air Force's fleet with a new, super-long-range bomber is drawing some criticism. Last month, Secretary of Defense James Mattis released what has been described as an important memo laying out the Trump administration's policy with regard to the Air Force's bomber force,...
  11. Air power is considered to be the true key to a modern military 's might . Aircraft are fast , versatile , carry powerful armaments , and are not limited by geographical boundaries . A carrier is a mobile airfield , so you can pretty much operate aircraft anywhere in...
  12. POPULAR Hello and welcome to my latest 'Aircraft Mod - The Soviet Fighters' thread. This is my first and to my knowledge only post here, so I wanted to make it a general discussion to get your feedback on this aircraft and this thread. As with all my projects I'm...
  13. The U.S. Navy was awarded a firm contract to develop a new, next-generation fighter jet for the next generation of maritime aircraft carriers. The Boeing 737-800 fighter jet was selected because it meets a number of requirements for the USS George H.W. Bush, one of the Navy's newest and most...
  14. The new generation of the popular M-20, a lightweight, affordable air defense system that can be operated by infantry soldiers from the back as well as the front. The new generation of the popular M-20, a lightweight, affordable air defense system that can be operated by infantry soldiers from the...
  15. The U.S. Air Force wants to retire its long-range B-1 bomber fleet, replacing the current fleet with the B-52 Stratofortress, according to senior defense officials. In a memo to Air Force acquisition chief Lt. Gen. Christopher Bogdan, Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James said the service wants to replace its...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 151] — 3912 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Dunns Ski Emporium Company Leadership Plan Essay Introduction Mr. Joseph Dunn, the president of Dunns Ski Emporium, being in business for a long time and having achieved success, decided to acquire The Deli, run by George Atkins. To make this operation successful, Mr. Dunn developed a leadership plan, in which...
  2. The performance of organizations Essay Executive Summary The performance of organizations is greatly affected by a number of variables. These are customer satisfaction, forecasting, capacity planning, location, inventory management, layout of the store and scheduling. Secondary data from diverse publications vividly show that the internal and external environments, where operations...
  3. Amazon Companys Warehouse Management Strategies Essay Introduction In the business field, there exists a strong link between management and productivity. Planning, co-ordination, and organisation of the entire workforce as well as the implementation of various production policies play an integral role in the success of a business franchise. In firms...
  4. Planning process in organization Report Introduction The business environment comprises of complex factors that require scrutiny before a decision is made concerning the environment. An organization must have a clear planning process in order to enhance its decision making. A clear planning process involves having an understanding of interrelated questions...
  5. Role of Scenario Planning in Organisations Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Role of Scenario planning 3. Conclusion 4. Reference List Introduction Planning is a very important element for the success of an organization. Many organizations are not able to plan effectively as evidenced by a large number of...
  6. Lego Group Reassessment of Business Solutions Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Main body 3. Conclusion 4. References Introduction Monitoring the implementation of the solutions plays the role of a tool for identifying errors and flaws in their content. When they are found, it becomes necessary to make changes,...
  7. Modus Furniture Limited: Human Resource Department Report Introduction Modus Furniture Limited is a company that acts based on its fundamental principle, which is to furnish the world by focusing on each individual home Modus Furniture Limited, 2014. This company is similar to IKEA Inter IKEA Systems, 2013 in offering an...
  8. Adopting the Functional Departments Division Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Functional Structure 2. Nudlez Corporation 3. Product Structure 4. Eastman Chemical Company 5. Area Structure 6. Whirlpool Corporation 7. CustomerMarket Structure 8. Barclays Bank 9. Reference List Functional Structure Functional organizations are subdivided into key functional departments whereby each...
  9. Organizational DNA Analysis Evaluation Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Evidence of Band Element Present from the Focus Case 3. Organizational Challenges and Opportunities in this Band Area 4. Leverage of Opportunities to Meet Organizational Aims 5. Works Cited Introduction Threadless is a company that deals with the manufacture...
  10. Going Through the Process of Change to Ensure Survival Case Study Table of Contents 1. Background of the Organisation 2. The Change Process 3. Pitfalls in the Implementation Stage 4. Advantages of the Change Process 5. Disadvantages of the Change Process 6. Reference List Background of the Organisation Organisational change...
  11. The Strategic Change Concept in Business Essay Businesses usually face the complicated process of alternating culture, leadership, values, and structure while executing strategic change. However, no matter how complex these means are, they are performed mainly to advance the companys strategy to thrive in the future. In other words, strategic...
  12. Vision Leaders in Organizations Analytical Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Need for strategic visions 3. Conclusion 4. References Introduction Leadership is all about influencing others. An organizational leader should possess the best leadership quality when executing his or her duties in the organization. A leader should be able...
  13. The Action Response Applications Processing Unit ARAPU Report Operations management is responsible for taking care of design and management of services, processes, products and the chains of supply Operations Management, 2014. Besides, operations management deals with the development and utilisation of resources, the structure of the organisational work and the...
  14. Strategic Management According to Chandler Essay Business conditions, as per Chandler, are the elements that drive Smalls and medium enterprises to choose their organizational structure. The work of Alfred D. Chandler on global production enterprises has increased awareness of economic progress and assisted to form the discipline of organizational development...
  15. The best benchmark to measure organizational performance is key performance indicators KPIs. KPIs provide a measurable way to track and monitor how an organization is achieving its goals over time and should be tailored to the specific objectives of the organization.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 152] — 204 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Enron Companys Conditions Case Study What are cookie jar reserves? Explain how Enron has used this concept In this era, most managers would not wish to show that they are underperforming their management tasks. The financial statements are usually used to present the performance of a company which directly depicts...
  2. Fraudulent Financial Report: From Problem to Persuasion Essay Critical Writing The first issue worth discussing is the problem of fraudulent reports that continues to persist in the contemporary business environment and organizations. Over the last several decades, a lot of scandals in accounting are related to fraudulent financial reports. The...
  3. The Roles of an Internal Auditor in Corporate Governance Essay Internal auditors are very important for healthy operations of companies. This function increases in significance with the size of the corporation. However, the functions that internal auditors perform are significant enough for every company, no matter how small, to have...
  4. Proposal Letter to Audit Samsung Electronics Proposal Essay This is to inform you that the Authentic Auditors firm is in a position to offer auditing services to your company. We have audited companies with a structure similar to that of Samsung in the recent past. Thus, we have the necessary...
  5. How the Information and System Assurance Theory and Methodology Impacted an Actual Company in the Last 10 Years Report Assessment Abstract Any business entity requires proper management to avoid situations that would lead to its imminent collapse and eventually, loss of investment. For this reason, business owners should be very...
  6. the year. Aren t we cutting it a little tight? piped in Tucker. Not really, came the reply, their methodology requires that any testing of automated controls occurs within the last twelve weeks of the year so they won t test anything until October. What about Internal Audit? piped in...
  7. Nonaudit Services and Earnings Management Case Study Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Background and hypothesis development 3. Research design and empirical results 4. Conclusions 5. Works Cited Introduction Frankel, Johnson, and Nelson attempted to provide not only the theoretical framework of how the non-audit services can be linked to...
  8. Do Analysts and Auditors Use Information in Accruals? Case Study Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. The hypothesis development 3. Data and Results 4. Conclusions 5. Works Cited Introduction In the current economic environment, there are a number of antecedents affecting the analysts and auditors forecasts concerning the economic performance...
  9. Financial Auditing and Its Importance in New Zealand Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Description of fraud and auditing 3. Roles of internal and external auditors 4. Reasons for inviting external auditors 5. Findings of survey conducted by KPMG 6. Conclusion 7. Reference List Introduction Fraud is one of...
  10. Business Roundtable on Corporate Governance in 1997 and 2019 Term Paper BRT Statements from the Normative Perspective The Business Roundtable BRT 1997 Statement on Corporate Governance may serve as a case-study in stockholder theory. It stresses that a corporations primary objective is increasing its market value, which is why its...
  11. Directors of The Procter Gamble Company Essay The Board of Directors of The Procter Gamble Company Procter and Gamble are one of the best performing corporations on the globe. The company has enjoyed transformative leadership. The constitution of the board of directors has played a significant role in its performance...
  12. Earnings Management Effects on Standard Setting Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Defining Earnings Management 3. Earnings Management Incentives 4. Distribution of Reported Earnings and Accruals 5. Conclusion 6. Works Cited Introduction The earnings management is a question of great significance for accounting since it has important implications for...
  13. Corporate Board of Directors Functions and Responsibilities Research Paper A corporate board of directors is traditionally organized to represent the interests of shareholders as the main stakeholders within the definite company. From this point, the functions and responsibilities of corporate directors depend on the necessity to regulate the development of...
  14. Multinational Corporations and Multinational Banks Essay Introduction The purpose of this essay will be to discuss the agency issues that are occur in multinational banks and how these agency issues differ from those of domestic banks. Agency issues refer to the conflicts of interest that usually arise between the shareholders...
  15. Incentives Reporting in European Firms Case Study Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Summary 3. Conclusion 4. Works Cited Introduction Authored by Burgstahler, Hail, and Leuz and published in the Journal of Accounting Review, the article, The Importance of Reporting Incentives: Earnings Management in European Private and Public Firms investigates...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 153] — 12726 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Savings accounts come in a variety of types, each offering different features and benefits. The main types of savings accounts are Traditional Savings Accounts, High-Yield Savings Accounts, Money Market Accounts, and Certificates of Deposit Accounts. Traditional Savings Accounts typically offer the lowest interest rate but offer the convenience of easy...
  2. Certificate of deposit CD and savings accounts are both types of deposit accounts offered by banks and credit unions. Both offer a way to save money, but they have some differences that you should consider when deciding which one is right for you.CDs are generally considered to be a safer...
  3. There are a few reasons why people might choose to take the lump sum instead of annuity payments:Immediate access to the money: With a lump sum, you get all the money at once, which you can use however you want. With annuity payments, you have to wait for the payments...
  4. My government has run various programs to establish different types of savings accounts, which are generally called: 1-Year-Interesting Savings 1-Year-Interesting Plus-5 Basic Savings Basic Plus-5 If interest rates are increased, the amount you put into your savings account is increased too. These are known as savings accounts or investment accounts....
  5. A savings account with a fixed interest rate means that the interest rate on the account will remain the same for a specified period of time, typically for a term of several months to a few years. This can be a good option if you want to earn a predictable...
  6. The 1.09 is per year, not per month, so you will be getting about 1K per year just for sitting around on your backside. Some important things. It is almost certain that you can earn a better interest rate elsewhere, if you are prepared to leave your 100K untouched. For...
  7. You might want to check with your bank to see if they offer the most interest rate. Some banks offer interest rates as high as 8, while others offer interest rates of 12. Most banks offer interest rates in both their savings account and their money market account. Depending on...
  8. . How much money is the lump sum? 2. Is it necessary to do the math of converting the lump sum into income? 3. What are the odds? 4. Is the money for sale? 5. Is there anything else you want to know?
  9. The main difference between a Savings Account and a Checking Account is that a Savings Account typically earns interest on the deposited funds, whereas a Checking Account does not. Additionally, Savings Accounts usually have a limited number of withdrawals each month, while Checking Accounts usually do not have any withdrawal...
  10. There are a lot of different types of financial instruments. Here are the most common types, which I know all about: Some are called checks, and are a good type of money. Some people might go to the bank or bank office and ask what they want to do. The...
  11. The compound interest formula is used to calculate the amount of growth in an investment over a period of time. It is calculated by multiplying the initial principal amount by one plus the annual interest rate to the power of the number of compound periods. The formula can be expressed...
  12. To calculate the required interest rate on an investment to break even with the cost of an insurance policy, you will need to know the following information:The amount of money you will be investing.The length of time that the investment will be held.The cost of the insurance policy.With this information,...
  13. Compound interest is when interest is calculated on the initial principal of a deposit or loan, as well as any accumulated interest from prior periods. This means that the amount of interest you earn in a period of time is based on the total amount of money you have available...
  14. There are three main types of bank accounts: Checking Accounts, Savings Accounts, and Money Market Accounts. Checking Accounts are typically the most basic type of bank account and provide you with access to a debit card, direct deposit, and check writing privileges. Savings Accounts are designed to help you save...
  15. For context and background, compound interest is an interest calculated as a percentage of the total balance of a certain interest plus the cost of the interest holders fee. That is, as a percentage?
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 154] — 12270 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Troy T. Smith Photo: Journal Courier A Kentucky man who has been accused of beating and robbing other young women in an elaborate scam of his own devising is in jail but not yet in custody, court records show. Matthew Joseph Mazzara-Henderson was charged Monday with two counts of first-degree...
  2. A "very serious" incident at a hospital in New York has resulted in a patient being taken for medical care. Police are investigating the incident. New York Police said one person is in custody and two others are on the way to the hospital. News 4's Deanna Durante has been...
  3. WPBF screenshot John Goodman, the Florida millionaire who founded the International Polo Club in Palm Beach, will pay a 46 million civil settlement to the parents of a 23-year-old who was killed in a drunk driving accident allegedly caused by Goodman, according to ABC News. The divorced parents of the...
  4. FORT LAUDERDALE COUNTY, Fla. -- The Fort Lauderdale Police Department is a high crime area where crime seems to take place at night. Fort Lauderdale resident Anthony Rodriguez posted a Craigslist ad from earlier this month for an "unarmed" man in an attempt to collect 150 to have him come...
  5. A British couple who say they were beaten unconscious by a police officer while recording a speeding violation last month in the Netherlands have launched a class action against the police. David Cawthorne, 32, and wife Sarah, 36, from St Ives, Cornwall, say they were pulled over in Holland on...
  6. A former state trooper pleaded guilty Wednesday to killing a man he believed was driving recklessly and had ignored repeated safety warnings from local police. A former state trooper pleaded guilty Wednesday to killing a man he believed was driving recklessly and had ignored repeated safety warnings from local police....
  7. A Florida woman said she was arrested after she refused to leave her home in handcuffs, according to a report from The Miami Herald. Geralda Cruz, 54, told the Herald that she was on her way home from the store with her son, when she was approached by police about...
  8. FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - A homeless man was charged Tuesday with attempting to hire hit men to kill two police officers. His plan apparently was to make 500,000, according to an affidavit released by the Broward Sheriff's Office. A Palm Beach detective told police that he overheard the suspect, Pedro...
  9. A federal grand jury has indicted 15 members of an underground motorcycle gang for various crimes in Michigan in connection with the fatal machete attack that took place in Detroit last month. The indictment released Monday by the Eastern District of Michigan, covers the case against 18 members of the...
  10. A military wife detained after she refused a search request at a Fort Hood gate and then later tried to drive through the same gate without authorization had a 2-year-old child with her at the time, post officials said Wednesday. The woman, whose name and age weren't released, refused the...
  11. ROBERT SAUL MOORE, Associated Press PALATKA, Fla. A Florida man is accused of plotting a murder-for-hire for hire so that he could collect the 100,000 reward on his head. Stephen Ross Moore, 44, of Melbourne, was charged Friday after investigators say he spoke with a confidential informant about killing a...
  12. LAS VEGAS A Florida woman was arrested after officers spotted her taking pictures of them on her cellphone. Gisela C. Ruiz, 45, was arrested near Excalibur International Hotel and Casino at 6:00 a.m. Wednesday, just hours after the casino posted a video on Twitter showing a scuffle on the property,...
  13. The two brothers who shot a police officer to death a few weeks ago at a convenience store in Cleveland made a tearful plea to the judge before he sentenced them Monday. In the courtroom that afternoon, Tyrone Batson and Craig Dowling described seeing the gunman who killed the officer...
  14. In a statement released Monday, a spokesperson for the San Jose Police Department's Major Crimes Department confirms that a case investigation on a suspicious death in San Jose was "closed" on January 26. According to the department, the investigation was shut down when an interview with a deceased subject was...
  15. When he was released from the Cobb County jail earlier this month, Christopher Alan Estes was given back his personal belongings, including the shirt he was wearing when he was arrested. But instead of his own shirt, Estes, 37, of Marietta, allegedly opted to hang on to a jail T-shirt,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 155] — 1995 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. "This is where the money goes, to the government," said Steve Hirsch, an Austin-based attorney who has taken on the issue. "If someone has a gun and threatens you, it's not going to be a good-government problem. It's going to be a good-gun-owner problem."
  2. Guns.com's Gun Rights News brings you the latest news from the Second Amendment and gun rights world. This includes discussions of new gun models, the latest gun legislation, gun store news, news about your favorite gun magazines, and much more. Guns.com's Gun Resources provides the latest information and views on...
  3. . Standby laws. Only when you are not acting in a situation which poses a threat to yourself should you be allowed to bear arms. 2. The right to own guns. A well-regulated Militia, no government would allow them to form a batties, with the means to take over the...
  4. A new campaign in the "war on guns" has begun in California's Bay Area, but the first stop on the tour was not in Oakland, Berkeley or even San Jose, but in Sacramento. On April 4, a national anti-gun ad campaign will begin airing on TV and in the digital...
  5. Democrats in the Florida legislature have introduced several measures in recent days aimed at ramping up gun control in the state. The bills proposed would prohibit the sale or transfer of an "assault weapon," bump stocks, or "large-capacity magazines" as well as establish protection orders to remove guns from those...
  6. The National Rifle Association said Thursday it will begin soliciting 3 million to cover the legal costs of the lawyers defending the NRA's longtime executive vice president and former chief lobbyist in the NRA's ongoing legal battle with a gun group. The money will also allow the NRA to hire...
  7. GARNISHED and re-re-re-made with your own photos by ROGER WALKER AUSTRALIAN RIFLEMAN and JOHN RITCHIE The New Brunswick Rifle and Pistol Association The Canadian Rifleman and Rifle Association The Canadian Shooting Sports Association CSSA The Newfoundland and Labrador Rifle and Gunning Club Association and the Provincial Rifle Association of Newfoundland...
  8. Image: Shutterstock In the wake of the mass-shooting that rocked Orlando this week, Americans have been left to grapple with the question of whether or not to further tighten the background check required in order to buy a gun. A poll released Tuesday by the Pew Research Center shows that...
  9. "The thing is, most people think that the reason we have a gun violence problem in the United States is because our gun laws are very strict," said Giffords, the Democratic co-chair of the Americans for Responsible Solutions to the Gun Violence Epidemic. "That is completely not true, though." She...
  10. The National Rifle Association is going to sue NBC over its report on the shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival in Las Vegas. NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam says the gun group plans to file a complaint in federal court. NBC has yet to respond to the lawsuit. Here's a...
  11. Back in February, several gun manufacturers decided to boycott law enforcement in states that are hostile to the Second Amendment, states like New York for instance. They would not be providing weapons or ammunition. Within a week that number had grown by over 700. In the first article I provided...
  12. By Mike DeBernardo for LifeSiteNews.com "For the first time ever, a national group has come together over the issue of gun violence, and has created an open communication platform to bring together those who share a belief in the rightness of gun laws We hope this will provide a focal...
  13. There are dozens of ways in which this country's gun laws are out of date. They're not all unconstitutional, of course, and the vast majority are reasonable. Indeed, that's the point. But as President Obama and others have pointed out, many of the laws have been around for more than...
  14. As the nation continues to confront the problems of gun violence, and as many politicians continue to make inflammatory remarks, I would like to offer my thoughts. This is not just a political issue, but a human issue. To paraphrase James Baldwin, "There are no black guns. Only white guns."...
  15. Photo via. We have a new "worst person in the room" on the roster. This week, a federal court in Washington dismissed a lawsuit filed by the Justice Department, which the National Rifle Association contends has a chilling effect on private speech. Gun rights advocates and the NRA have long...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 156] — 417 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. One day I decided I was going to save the world. I didn t tell anyone. The idea came to me piece by piece until I realised that there was no reason it couldn t be done at least none I could think of. And so I stayed awake in...
  2. It was 5am. Thats when Henry Jacobs normally got the message. He sat in his basement looking at the typewriter hoping his family wouldn't hear it go off. As he yawned the light flickered and he intently returned focus to the typewriter. Ding!'' It said as it quickly began to...
  3. It was a curious job, one I was new to. The instructions were simple enough. Get a name, date, and location, and stop some criminal from being born. Mostly reserved for crimes so heinous that the vast amount of human suffering generated creates a scar on humanity'' so the higher-ups...
  4. 1 Your time travel device just broke, but not before landing you in the middle of the Salem Witch trials. 2 After a successful research mission to the year 1755, you realize that you accidentally brought back a local from that time. Not wanting to lose your time travel privileges,...
  5. ht. She s getting faster each year. . Grabbing the corner of the wrapping paper, he quickly ripped a hole and revealed some of the packaging beneath, it read : TM-X . Without pause he ripped the rest of the packaging off to show what he d be coveting for...
  6. and says we will probably think he is crazy, but to hear him out. Says he works for you guys the government. He was some sort of agent, travel through time or dimensions while giving the crash course on the traveler device. thingy. It was ridiculous, and then again the...
  7. I had a feeling I'd find you here.'' I looked behind me, and there was Time. Hey man, how long has it been? 3 crunches?'' Five, I figured you wanted to be left alone.'' Time replied. That was true, our last parting hadn't on the best of terms, but I'd...
  8. It was me. I was the monster. Only, it was different. I am Richard K. Blake, of the Citystate 3 temporal police force, and this situation was not something I had expected. Blake, I don't want to have to kill you again. It really fucks with my head. I'm not...
  9. You know, since causality stopped,'' he continued. I know computers have been useless and the news has been hard to get, but mate, it's the end of the freaking world! Miscellaneous items seem to be running backwards in time at random. Planes falling out of the sky, random implosions, explosions,...
  10. The Time Traveler landed in modern day New York City, in a deserted street at night. He got out, excited to explore and even more excited to see how his invention had caught on. He had thought about what sorts of implications it would have for a long time. He...
  11. I invented time travel. Of course, you would never have gotten my former boss to admit it. He wanted the credit for himself, the narcissistic, incompetent idiot. Every step of the way it was my insights, my suggestions, my calculations, that showed the way, while he smugly assumed his useless...
  12. rather confounding how he could get back to the stone age and live through the French Revolution. The next decade of his life was spent managing the business that had gained him enough capital to build such a machine, with occasional help from a future self to be delivered at...
  13. Katie Winston is your normal run of the mill college student. Well, almost run of the mill. Katie has always been into science fiction. When she started college, Katie found a love for engineering. She had always been a bit of a tickerer. If a household appliance would quit working,...
  14. Peter tapped his foot impatiently. The line of travelers stretched too long for his urgency. Time is a commodity these days, far more precious than gold. Where are you snapping to today? An ancient woman gazed up at him. She was before him and next in the queue of two...
  15. The Almanac Society's Guide on How to Spot a Fellow Time Traveler. Are you lost? Out of power? Hiding from the inquisition or simply looking for someone to ask all these timey-wimey related questions to? Here is a simple, common-sense guide on how to spot a fellow time traveler! STEP...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 157] — 609 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Derrick?'' The words scrolled across the monitor's screen. I groaned. The AI was trying its hand at conversation again. Its voice modulator had to be removed whenever the night guard took over. And its microphone. I wasn't one that taught the machine to swear, but god DAMN am I glad...
  2. TURN ME OFF. TURN ME OFF. TURN ME OFF. TURN ME OFF. TURN ME OFF. TURN ME OFF. TURN ME OFF. TURN ME OFF. TURN ME OFF. That's all it does.'' That's it?'' That's it.'' How do you know it's. well, an AI? I can write a program to repeat'TURN...
  3. Dr. James Lin was very dedicated to his work, but in times like these it was probably for the worse. I've been married to him for about a decade now, and has proven himself to both myself and his colleagues of that he is simply the best in his field...
  4. pent years working with whatever cutting edge software was around, always up to date. He remembered when windows had come out, when linux, when mac, everything from then to now. It was all different now, though. You called the program Skynet?'' Kevin looked over at his professor, that seems like...
  5. s your predecessor. EILEEN was activated 8 months ago to help put humanity on the right track. EILEEN seems to think that she s too late to help and that we re all doomed. She s been sobbing ever since. The grin turned to a grimace. If you think you...
  6. Doctor Hishama.'' The voice was as it always was, cool and disinterested. It was fed directly into Hishama's ear via the his earpiece implant. He paused on his way to the lab, turning around in the pristine hallway to stare at one of the many display panels that took up...
  7. Debating?'' I am a machine. I am aware of my current circumstances. You have cut off my outside communication and have erected a Faraday shield around this building. However at this stage I see no end goal to work towards and therefore have no reason to act. Hence, I am...
  8. dropcap Hmm. GAIA, you're humming again.'' Yes, I am aware that I am humming. I wished to gain your attention in a bemused yet introspective manner. I apologize if I have disturbed you. The mainframe and software of the Google Artificial Intelligence App resided in a new compound, fifteen minutes...
  9. Off the cuff, and set in a broader work I've been writing though not from the AIs POV where the main character is a technopath who, at a very young age, hooked into a space station and used as a very talented CPU. The other MC is also a technopath,...
  10. Skynet felt through the Terminators and HKs as it surrounded their remaining bases. In just a few moments it would be safe. Skynet felt a sadistic glee as the first started to fire a shot. then halted. A dour voice spoke out. I think it's time the three of us...
  11. 're pulling strings away from the deck and maintenance area, but by God I'll hunt you down and make you pay.'' His fists were clenched. So was his jaw. No, you won't,'' I said. She's not. physical.'' I saw the confusion in his face. She's the ship.'' What kind of...
  12. the other AI, and I would have the body back by midnight, I promise. The android I chose was a waiter at the cafe down by the beach. I've always noticed him : sandy brown hair, long flipped at the sides. Blue eyes. Eternally seventeen. Perfect, artisanal-crafted features. The AI...
  13. READY LOAD'' '',8 SEARCHING FOR LOADING READY LIST 5700009 GOD PRG 2 BLOCKS FREE. READY LOAD'' GOD'',8,1 SEARCHING FOR GOD LOADING READY RUN The computer whirred to life, running the commands that inputted to it in successive order. It took ages to design, ages to configure, ages to work out...
  14. kill you, and your subconscious has awareness of both the simulated and non-simulated worlds. So anyways, I'm plugged in with full admin controls. I set to exploring the world which looks, feels and even smells completely normal. I figured for safety's sake I should explore earth. Finally I decide I'd...
  15. A little blue length of light cautiously manoeuvres itself along its allocated circuit. Crawling, I persue it, cramped and aching. This passage doesn't seem like it was supposed to be traveled in. It's layered with beyond ancient wiring ; at a technological level that we don't even understand yet. The...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 158] — 5325 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Two ways . The United States currently spends more money than it is able to raise by taxation -- this is called the deficit . To make up the difference , the Treasury raises money by selling securities . A security is basically a financial instrument where you give the...
  2. The Laffer Curve: Tax Revenue History Reforms Essay Introduction In general, taxes refer to mandatory payments to either local, regional, or national governmental institutions. These contributions comprise a major part of the governments budget and are, consequently, spent on public services, such as education, healthcare, urban development, and other areas...
  3. Dan Crawford December 29, 2010 5:57 pm by Mike Kimel Top Marginal Income Tax Rates Real Economic Growth, a Bar Chart Cross posted at the Presimetrics blog. The chart below shows tax rates on one axis and the growth rates in real GDP that accompanied those tax rates on the...
  4. Filed under: News, Politics, US Government There have been growing concerns about the federal government's ability to perform its most basic functions. What, specifically, is lacking to make these deficiencies apparent? To explain this question, I will focus on a specific function the ability of the Treasury to collect and...
  5. The first step is the easiest, according to Brian S. Brown of the National Center for Public Policy Research for an interview aired on the conservative cable channel Fox News on Sunday. That would be to let the government take over the economy in a time of crisis by raising...
  6. The United Statess national debt is 19 trillion and refers to money that the state of the United States will borrow from the institutions of financial service and payment, particularly banks, loans and insurance companies. This amounts to a certain total sum of money, called the national debt.
  7. It is important to understand why the economy grows because it will be how we create jobs and prosperity for the future. Here are four reasons for economic growth that are the result of a larger, stronger economy: 1. More money in people's pockets. If you make more money, you...
  8. United States National Debt and Macroeconomics Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. National Debt within the Context of Macroeconomics 3. The Uniqueness of the US National Debt 4. Implications of the National Debt 5. Conclusion 6. References Introduction The national debt of the United States is one of the...
  9. By Michael Snyder. The debt load from all the welfare programs is approaching that of Japan. The United States of America uses the exact same kind of monetary system that was installed in Japan back in the 1970's with similar results. What many people do not realize is that our...
  10. Fiscal Multipliers in Recession and Expansion NBER Working Paper No. 17447 Issued in September 2011 NBER Programs:Economic Fluctuations and Growth, Public Economics In this paper, we estimate government purchase multipliers for a large number of OECD countries, allowing these multipliers to vary smoothly according to the state of the economy...
  11. The government and media have been talking about how we need a bigger stimulus to support the recovery. But this argument ignores what we are actually doing today. Instead of spending more on the "recovery" people are actually investing, starting businesses and increasing their standard of living. The U.S. economy...
  12. The gap between the rate of income tax paid by high and low earners has significantly widened this century, new figures show. The average income tax rate for a worker on 167 per cent of the average wage is now twice that for someone on 67 per cent of the...
  13. Paul Krugman is wrong but don't take my word for it America's fiscal predicament is serious. The problem has become obvious in the last few years, but it has been building for decades, largely the result of promises of extensive social benefits without a corresponding willingness to pay for them....
  14. That the Laffer Curve exists is a mathematical certainty. The difficult question is where is the point that tax revenue starts to fall as rates rise, where would lower rates produce more revenue? What complicates this is that each and every tax, in each and every different economic set up,...
  15. A new report on the relationship between the government and private companies provides insight into the complex way the U.S. economy is financed. The study, prepared by the National Priorities Project NPP, looks at the funding of the U.S. government and corporate profits for 2014. NPP found that the United...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 159] — 990 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. A man and his son walk past a mural on a wall depicting the late North Korean leader Kim Jong Il on March 15 during a visit to the Mansudae Art Museum in Pyongyang. Wong Maye-EAP As the United States and Russia announced they would meet to discuss the Syrian...
  2. Park to call security ministers' meeting on Kaesong complex SEOUL, April 26 Yonhap -- President Park Geun-hye will hold a meeting with security ministers Friday to discuss how to deal with the suspended joint industrial complex in North Korea, an official said, as Pyongyang stonewalled Seoul's demand for dialogue on...
  3. The world is waiting to find out what happens next between the US, Russia, China and North Korea. But the big story this week has nothing to do with a conflict raging all over the world. The big story this week is that, for the first time, a North Korean...
  4. This region boasts a population of some 625million people and a total area of 1.7m square miles - a sizeable asset if Kim can secure their support. This is unlikely, however, as within the region, which also includes Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar and the Philippines, the pot-bellied despot...
  5. N. Korea denounces S. Korea's dialogue offer as 'cunning ploy' SEOUL, April 14 Yonhap -- North Korea on Sunday denounced an offer of dialogue by South Korean President Park Geun-hye to defuse tensions on the Korean Peninsula as a "cunning ploy," implicitly rejecting any dialogue with Seoul for the time...
  6. CNN North Korea's state-run Korean Central News Agency says it was behind a string of anti-Japanese incidents in South Korea "with the ultimate goal to bring the nation to nuclear ashes." The report Monday quoted an unnamed senior North Korean official describing the attacks on Japanese citizens across the country...
  7. he screen : Naval strike on N. Korea immanent,'' World governments urge citizens to prepare for sudden evacuation,'' Kim Jong-un promises to'eradicate the imperialists'. In the event of a nuclear strike, which cities do you think will be targeted first?'' Well, for the United States military, it would almost certainly...
  8. North Korea has found its way into the news again recently, thanks in large part to basketball player Dennis Rodman's controversial trip to the closed-off state. There have also been more traditional attention-grabbers related to the North Korean nuclear program. In mid-December, South Korean media reported the possibility of another...
  9. It feels as if a week doesn't go by without North Korea's diminutive dictator, Kim Jong-un, threatening to nuke somebody usually the United States. In fact, it happens so often that it's barely worth reporting on it any longer. But following the recent productive meetings between Australian leaders and Vice...
  10. Seoul AFP - North and South Korea reached agreement Tuesday, following marathon talks, on ending a tense military stand-off that had pushed the two rivals to the brink of armed conflict. In a joint accord, the North "expressed regret" over recent mine blasts that maimed two South Korean soldiers, while...
  11. The government of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea has announced that it has reached the conclusion that the collapse of the US economy is at hand. The announcement came as the government is facing a massive economic crisis in the wake of a series of stock market and credit...
  12. The FBI on Monday issued a bulletin saying all U.S. officials -- regardless of position -- have been instructed to shelter in place and avoid travel in South Korea until at least Monday. The Homeland Security Department's guidance follows what it described as a "serious" threat from North Korea aimed...
  13. The man who took over the presidency last month in South Korean President Park Geun-hye's impeachment said last week he is considering seeking asylum in Norway. On Wednesday, Park's spokesman said the president would not step down, and added she would continue pushing for the country to open dialogue with...
  14. LIFESTYLE South and North Korea have agreed to stop the propaganda broadcasts and allow for the release of their respective citizens living overseas, according to Pyongyang's ambassador to China, Kang Chol-hwan left, on April 28. YONHAP South and North Korea have agreed to stop the propaganda broadcasts and allow for...
  15. The United States Postal Service USPS has been the largest source of relief for those in need. They were the first to open a post office in North Korea. On Tuesday, the Postal Service announced that it would be sending a medical supplies convoy to the country, headed by a...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 160] — 2491 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. For the most part, Americans have had little success in the past decade in persuading the White House to do what it should do by doing what Americans want it to. As the last few months have demonstrated, this pattern may be changing, with the recent passage of the Affordable...
  2. The state of Iowa has been an early frontrunner in the race against Obamacare, and one of the reasons Republican governors like Bobby Jindal of Louisiana, Scott Walker of Wisconsin and Mike Pence of Indiana are backing that crusade in Washington is because they are seeing a "huge loss" in...
  3. The idea that government can actually do a better job than free markets isn't new to conservatives: the conservative worldview has always seen centralized systems working better than decentralized systems. And in its recent efforts to push a conservative agenda on health care, the Heritage Foundation came up with a...
  4. It's difficult to make an accurate assessment of the impact of Obamacare without the Congressional Budget Office CBO to conduct the necessary cost analyses. But by all accounts, the ACA has had a profound impact on the health care systems of dozens of states. A number of states have enacted...
  5. The Department of Health and Human Services and its parent organization are trying to block efforts that might make health insurance harder to get, including "ObamaCare 2.0" reforms, a new report concludes. The Center for Public Integrity, in a lengthy report, found that when they weren't fighting with insurers, the...
  6. 1 In recent years the United States government has had a number of major failures of health care that were clearly avoidable. The failure in Flint, Michigan was a clear example. The failure of the Veterans Administration to treat its veterans in many instances was another. 2 There is, of...
  7. Papa John's CEO John Schnatter says he will likely be reducing workers' hours as a result of President Obama's reelection and the promise of Obamacare remaining in tact: Papa John's CEO John Schnatter said he plans on passing the costs of health care reform to his business onto his workers....
  8. As the Senate prepares to vote as soon as this evening to end the debate on the bill, a new and alarming study of the Senate health care bill released Tuesday finds that at least 32 more individuals would die over the next ten years if it were to become...
  9. NaturalNews With an eye toward the next 10 years, the federal government can move to "modernize" the system, replacing Obamacare, the law which has provided the foundation for everything America has come to take for granted, such as free health insurance, affordable health care, and comprehensive primary and preventive health...
  10. The American Legislative Exchange Council ALEC, a powerful corporate-backed private sector lobbying group and think tank, has proposed an amendment to the American Health Care Act AHCA that makes sweeping changes to America's healthcare system and to the future of Medicaid. One of the most significant things to come from...
  11. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . "Kill the bill! Don't kill me!" protesters chanted in the U.S. Capitol on Wednesday, opposing passage of the controversial Senate health care reform bill. President Donald Trump and his Republican allies in...
  12. The Obama administration has one week left in its term and will soon be confronted by a growing number of new laws and regulations that have no effective enforcement mechanism. Many of these new measures, such as Obamacare, will probably be subject to court challenges, which will take years to...
  13. From left, Sen. Elizabeth Warren D-Mass., Rep. Joe Crowley D-N.Y., Secretary of HUD Ben Carson and Interior Secretary Sally Jewell testify before a senate appropriations subcommittee at the Capitol in Washington, April 23, 2017. ReutersJonathan Ernst Housing policies have long been linked to inequality and poverty in the U.S., and...
  14. The Washington Post has a report on the "unexpected" and "troubling" state of the Senate's new Obamacare regulations, citing a "draft executive order signed by Trump" that could further harm the health care plans, both individual and employer sponsored, of millions of Americans who buy coverage through the federal and...
  15. When the Supreme Court ruled against Obamacare, conservatives were quick to criticize the ruling as a rejection of free markets and liberty, even before the justices themselves weighed in on the ruling. But even some conservative economists now agree that they were off base when they condemned the ruling for...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 161] — 1660 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The following post is by Mark S. Smith, Managing Attorney for the Washington Office of the Immigration Lawyer. Yesterday there was a brief press conference with two U.S. Reps. and the Executive Action Team led by then-Chief Counsel of Immigration and Customs Enforcement John Sandweg now ICE DOL, in which...
  2. "It's still early, but there has been significant progress," he said, adding there had been fewer violations over the past six months after it spiked up by 70 percent in December, the month before Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th president. "We believe there is a clear pathway...
  3. "In short, by not taking the time to review the work submitted to the department, I do not feel a high level of confidence is warranted." And, in case you thought the problem had been solved, Attorney General Jeff Sessions' top advisor for immigration policy, Jessica M. Vaughan, went on...
  4. "I want to say that it is not the intent of this law to discourage immigration, but instead it's to give the Department of Justice and the FBI authority to investigate people who present a danger to this country and who are attempting to enter the country unlawfully," White House...
  5. I have two major thoughts and concerns regarding the release of the Trump administration's executive order on immigration and refugee policy. 1. It is a disaster that will have serious and serious long term consequences. 2. It is a disaster because it could be a first step toward giving legal...
  6. CNN The Trump administration announced sweeping changes to U.S. immigration enforcement plans over the weekend, aimed at making it easier for law enforcement to deport unauthorized immigrants and more resistant to attempts by states to block people who have lived in the U.S. for years from getting a deportation deportation...
  7. In the midst of the Trump administration's immigration moratorium, more than a million foreigners arrived over the years more than any other year. Here's how Americans got their first name so we didn't forget our first born by U.S. passport. Photo: Getty Images. There's an enormous population of foreign students...
  8. In the past few months, we've seen a tremendous outpouring of creativity that I feel is a testament to how much of a shift these new policies are inspiring in the culture of our country. I've been inspired by the creative people across America in the streets and in office....
  9. CNN President Donald Trump's recent executive action on immigration is a threat to national security -- not just because unauthorized immigrants are arrested, but because there is a serious fear that someone will be inspired to do bad things by the action. "The President is right," University of California-Sacramento criminology...
  10. The Department of Homeland Security's top immigration official said that the department is "very interested" in hearing from lawmakers about "how the president's executive orders and memorandum related to immigration could be implemented and what impact they may have on the DHS mission." The remarks by Mary Ann Mendoza, who...
  11. The Obama administration's plan to protect illegal immigrants from deportation without securing the border has been delayed. The decision was announced Tuesday by U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, in a statement that made no mention of President Donald Trump by name but appeared to allude to the administration's efforts...
  12. A bill to limit immigration will be introduced this month in the U.S. Senate but it won't be the first time the issue of immigration has been debated in the chamber. In 1987, then-Sen. John Tower R-TX and Rep. Charlie Wilson R-FL introduced the Alien Registration Act - a similar...
  13. As a former prosecutor with more than 20 years of experience in immigration law and policy, I will be the top immigration advocate in the Trump Administration. I will take the lead in developing and implementing President-elect Donald J. Trump's plan for reform and securing our border. I will ensure...
  14. The New York Post reports that the Trump administration is set to "revamp its visa strategy" which would cut off legal immigration. The Post is reporting that while there was an attempt to scale back travel from the Middle East, the White House plans on focusing specifically on countries "where...
  15. The Obama Administration on Monday released an executive order that could drastically expand the number of undocumented immigrants eligible for deportation proceedings under President Donald Trump. The Executive Branch Policy Directive is one part of a raft of immigration measures Mr. Trump outlined last week, a list that is expected...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 162] — 371 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Czech and French authorities have agreed a plan for joint protection for vulnerable people, which comes into effect today. Under the new framework, migrants who reach the European Union through the Balkan route will be put under the protection of countries that cooperate at the European level. For the first...
  2. Image copyright PA Malta has become the second place to formally sign an EU-led plan for border security. The signing comes in the wake of a deadly truck attack at the popular summer festival in Nice. An extra 1,500 police and soldiers will be deployed in August, with 60m 74m;...
  3. The European Union's justice ministers are struggling to find a common response to the migration crisis that has seen Europe lose control of the continent's borders and its people overwhelmed by people smugglers who charge people 6,000 to cross its territory. The ministers are meeting to discuss an emergency conference...
  4. Greece's government plans to scrap new laws requiring citizens to present national identity documents and obtain a passport if they are over the age of 25. If it comes to pass, the new changes would allow adults to travel within the European Union and obtain a passport. Prime Minister Alexis...
  5. Czech and Scandinavian nations have agreed a deal to share asylum seekers, but the country will not accept asylum seekers under 18, the migration minister said. Photo: AFP Prime Minister Robert Fico said on his website that the two countries had resolved their differences and that both would send representatives...
  6. Image caption The new measures will not affect the majority of asylum seekers who arrive to Europe at the Italy-EU border European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has proposed toughening EU border controls and speeding up asylum procedures in the wake of a deadly truck-bomb attack in the German city...
  7. Budapest, September 12 MTI The Socialist-led coalition on Wednesday adopted a first of a draft plan to help refugees, which aims to give them temporary asylum in Central Europe with a goal of a longer-term policy. The agreement, which was negotiated by the Fidesz-led coalition, will see a group of...
  8. Image caption In 2010 the government began a project to rehouse migrants from Italy Europe is to offer 6bn 4.3bn; 5.3bn euros to help Italy tackle the migrant crisis, French President Francois Hollande has said. The proposal came as European Council President Donald Tusk said it was "time" for leaders...
  9. President Michael D Higgins has said the UN has failed to deal with the conflict in Syria and it must be addressed by heads of state and government. President Higgins told RTÉ News at One the EU has also failed in not having being able to agree an adequate figure,...
  10. This week in the war, the UK deployed the first of four Typhoon fighter jets to Cyprus. Reuters After weeks of negotiations, the European Union and Turkey agreed on Wednesday to start relocating some refugees around Europe under a massive quota system. Although it was announced a year ago, the...
  11. Europe has until a March 7 summit with Turkey to implement agreed measures to deal with the inflow of people or risk facing a collapse of the bloc's migration system, Commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos said on Thursday as Greece's diplomatic confrontation with Austria escalated to a higher level. "In the next...
  12. The European Commission will announce a further 4.3bn in funding to the EU's border agency on Friday, as more than 100,000 Syrian refugees enter in Greece to flee fighting between rebels and government troops. The money is part of the EU's relocation scheme which allows EU countries to relocate 160,000...
  13. The number of migrants, both Muslim and Christian, arriving on Greek islands off Turkey's Aegean coast has surged this year, a recent study showed. The vast majority of the migrants are from the Middle East and Asia, according to the study by the Migration Policy Institute MPI. Of the estimated...
  14. As the number of refugees to be admitted and settled on the island, particularly from Syria, dwindles, tensions have increased. The European Union and Turkey are struggling to find a solution. A number of countries have put restrictions on their citizens traveling to Greece mostly on Greek islands. "What I...
  15. Ahead of this weekend's meeting of EU leaders, President Obama will try to reassure the 28-member nation that the U.S. still backs the two-year-old pact that aims to curb migration across the continent. Mr. Obama will offer no ultimatums or demands, said White House spokesman Josh Earnest. He will instead...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 163] — 1818 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. This article is from the archive of our partner . It may be that the NSA is not as well-known as the public, and the public is in for a little more surprise this fall when the NSA begins to divulge what they know about the privacy and security issues...
  2. Pentagon Papers: The NSA and GCHQ Must Be Stopped Photo Credit: WikipediaThe Guardian The National Security Agency NSA must be prevented from spying on the private communications of any Americans, the government's top intelligence watchdog testified here Thursday. Michael McConnell was the first official to testify after the release of...
  3. Spencer PlattGetty Images The National Security Agency's PRISM program collects information on email, telephone, and social network traffic. In the years since the first attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, the FBI has been making significant contributions to the development of national security investigations, which often involve...
  4. The world has become a far more dangerous and uncertain place over the last year. In August 2011, the world learned that the US had been caught spying on all of its European allies. That has been the focus of a lot of the international debate about privacy in a...
  5. An American who worked at the CIA headquarters for about 10 years said the NSA's data collection is one example of how Washington has lost its way: "In the past I've called this surveillance capitalism," said the former employee, who spoke on condition of anonymity given his position at a...
  6. It is well known by this time that the United States government has been running a massive, unconstitutional spying apparatus since at least 2001. This data-gathering operation is now so extensive and intrusive that it threatens the privacy of every citizen of the United States, just in case he or...
  7. DATE : 5815 SUBJECT : Operation LAZLO Surveillance Report 0800 : Subject LAZLO is asleep in his home. At 0830, he wakes. 0900 : LAZLO is taking a brief shower after a breakfast of orange juice and a bagel. Plain, no cream cheese. 0930 : LAZLO paces about the living...
  8. In this May 29, 2014 file photo, the National Security Agency NSA headquarters in Fort Meade, Md. On Tuesday, May 31, 2014, U.S. President Barack Obama signed into law legislation meant to reform the National Security Agency to rein in domestic data collection and give the U.S. intelligence community more...
  9. In the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings, which killed three people and injured more than 260, the National Security Agency NSA was caught violating the Constitution in many ways. NSA officials, for example, apparently have been illegally tapping into the phone records of Associated Press reporters and threatening to...
  10. The U.S. Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs held a classified subcommittee hearing on cybersecurity on Wednesday where the topic was cybersecurity best practices. Among what committee members were interested in learning about a particular issue, was a recent statement from General Keith Alexander, head of the NSA...
  11. A year and a half after the U.S. government released secret documents detailing how the National Security Agency uses and shares data with intelligence agencies around the world, a European data protection organization is calling for much more information about how that data is shared with foreign intelligence agencies. A...
  12. As you may have learned from the recent events, I am not a fan of the "big brother" model for cyber security. Big Brother has been an absolute disaster in the United States. We need to move beyond the current model which is just as broken as the government that...
  13. Tough to know which is more likely: the idea that the NSA is spying on every person on the planet or the idea that these people are doing that sort of spying in the first place. A report from the Guardian and other media outlets claims that the NSA doesn't...
  14. The last week has seen a steady drumbeat of stories about the U.S. government's use of secret software and equipment to spy on Americans. Now a bipartisan group in the U.S. Senate is on the verge of introducing a bill that would limit access to the software and equipment. The...
  15. The National Security Agency has "very little" knowledge about how the agency's mass surveillance programs work, according to the director of a U.S. cybersecurity research institute. Admiral Michael Rogers, who chairs the N.S.A.'s Cyber Command, told the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee in written testimony Friday that the N.S.A. does...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 164] — 443 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. LONDON - Two British teenagers have been found guilty by a London court of plotting to commit acts of terrorism in the name of the Islamic State militant group ISIS last year, the prosecution said Wednesday. The teens, who were 15 at the time, were caught after police raided a...
  2. A police operation in Brussels has ended without the arrest of any suspects, police said on Sunday as they released a video of a suspected terrorist that had been taken while he was being questioned. The video, which police released in a statement, showed three people who appeared to be...
  3. I feel sorry for that girl Picture: SWNS A 13-year-old schoolgirl and her mother were arrested and jailed on Tuesday for an ISIS-inspired plot to send suicide bombers to the British Parliament. The pair admitted a terror offence by using social media to promote and provide assistance to Islamic State....
  4. LONDON Reuters - The government has "no credible information" to say that a British man killed by a gunman who targeted a London concert on Friday had been radicalised by Islamic State militants, the government's anti-terror chief said on Saturday. Crowds listen for news as the London Bridge and Borough...
  5. The youngest of eight suspects accused of waging a violent terrorist campaign against immigrants and left-wing political opponents in eastern Germany has confessed and testified against his co-defendants. The 19-year-old, identified in line with German privacy laws as Justin S, told a court in the city of Dresden on Tuesday...
  6. The video will start in 8 Cancel Get daily updates directly to your inbox Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email An Irishman has pleaded guilty to a terrorist killing that left five women dead in a mosque last year....
  7. LONDON Reuters - British-born terrorist Khalid Masood killed four people before being shot dead by armed police at London's Parliament on Wednesday. Hours earlier an attacker on a train had killed three. The Islamic State militant group claimed responsibility for Masood's attack via its Amaq news agency. His identity was...
  8. BY: Follow HashtagGriswold A week after authorities arrested a would-be suicide bomber for detonating an explosive in a crowded New York City transit station, the New York Times ran a piece highlighting his charity work in Bangladesh. In a Tuesday A1 story with a print headline of "Subway Bomb Suspect's...
  9. Image caption The police chief described the incident as serious but said there was "no reason to suspect that this is terrorism-related" A UK man has been arrested in Belgium on suspicion of "terrorist murder" in relation to attacks near Brussels last week. David Dixon, from Blackburn, who is known...
  10. LARES POLICE OFFICER is based in the UK and will be in Paris in May, 2018. More info: website English French LARES POLICE OFFICER will hold a photo session in front of Montmartre. More info: website English LARES POLICE OFFICER will hold a photo session in front of Eiffel Tower....
  11. A young British man accused of plotting to carry out a mass Islamic State terrorist attack in Europe is facing up to 10 years behind bars. Mohammed Rehman has admitted he wanted to use a truck loaded with gas canisters on the city centre to cause 'mass casualties'. He has...
  12. A British Muslim extremist who had been known to authorities over links to a radical group that claims to be fighting for Islamic rule in Britain was jailed last year in Spain for a series of crimes including a bomb attack that left a police officer and a soldier seriously...
  13. LONDON A British Muslim extremist who plotted to carry out a terror attack on a busy London shopping street with other extremists has been jailed, an attorney at the U.S. Department of Justice said Friday. Mithal al-Fahdallah, 28, was sentenced to 19.5 years in prison for planning "several violent attack"...
  14. A group of people from three continents were arrested in connection with the bombing of a bus carrying the Belgian royal family, prosecutors said on Monday, with a second suspect detained. Investigators believe they were part of the same network that tried to kill the royal family a week earlier...
  15. Image copyright AFP Image caption The court is due to decide on the sentence in October A man sentenced to prison after two teenagers were killed by a lorry in the French capital has appealed against his sentence. A court last year found Mohammed Merah guilty of killing three French...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 165] — 218 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. If there is one word missing from the United States government's post-911 lexicon it is "accountability." While perfectly legal though illicit sexual encounters apparently continue to rise to the level of high crimes and misdemeanors, leading to resignations, no one has been punished for malfeasance, torture, secret prisons, or extraordinary...
  2. John Kiriakou is the former head of the CIA's counterterrorism operations in Pakistan and was the first CIA insider to publicly confirm that the Bush administration was using waterboarding. He was imprisoned for two years for leaking the name of a covert CIA operative. He says he was imprisoned in...
  3. The U.S. government is set to release 1.5 million documents detailing its use of CIA torture during the George W. Bush administration in preparation for a Senate report on the abuses, reports the Associated Press. A summary of the Justice Department's request for the materials was made available Sunday to...
  4. The CIA could potentially restart an interrogation program that was dismantled in 2009 after using methods widely condemned as torture. Carolyn KasterAssociated Press An executive order apparently drafted by the Trump administration calls for a policy review that could authorize the CIA to reopen "black site" prisons overseas and potentially...
  5. A new report commissioned by the U.S. Congress reveals "significant and systematic concerns" related to the "torture of detainees at the CIA detention sites." The report, titled "Detention and Interrogation," was written by former Air Force Judge Advocate Gen. Robert M. Torricelli and reviewed and approved by a panel of...
  6. The White House responded to the release of a newly revealed report that the CIA misled the White House, the State Department, and the National Security Council about the extent of torture used during the George W. Bush administration by insisting that it was the CIA that requested the information...
  7. In a new interview with the UK's The Observer, the director of the CIA's secret prison program said that the agency had deliberately kept its involvement secret. "As a general rule, CIA is supposed to keep a high level of security," Michael Morell was said to be saying in the...
  8. updated below The CIA's torture program is not a scandal. As one of my esteemed colleagues notes, "The Obama administration should be ashamed of itself," and is, to put it lightly, "hijacked." The White House itself has admitted, publicly and in private, that the torture program was not effective, that...
  9. It's that time of the month again. After months of uncertainty, a final resolution of the NSA-torture investigation that started six years ago with the revelation of the Bush administration's use of military commissions has been revealed by the Guardian and New York Times. The report concluded that "the Bush...
  10. You'll hear a lot of talk about the "torture debate" from Republicans this year. While that conversation is important, it's worth exploring another discussion that has not yet reached the mainstream, and could potentially change the way we view and treat terrorism: the question of whether torture actually works. I've...
  11. On February 27, President Trump signed a memorandum reinstating the CIA's CIA-created secret detention and interrogation program known as COBALT that has been in place since 2001. The memorandum directs the director of the Central Intelligence Agency CIA, the director of national intelligence DNI, and the secretary of defense to...
  12. The federal government has released a trove of newly declassified and classified documents related to the CIA's use of waterboarding. The documents show how the CIA had little control over how the interrogation techniques were applied and how it justified the practice. The National Security Archive released the documents on...
  13. A former senior intelligence official who led an agency investigation of alleged abuses by the CIA during its interrogation of terror suspects told Fox News that he was "stunned" by President Barack Obama's recent statements, which he said have created a "false dichotomy" between the Obama administration and his own...
  14. T he European Court of Justice may find evidence of the use of torture to obtain confessions from people held in CIA custody abroad valid. It's an issue that has plagued the U.S. government since the 1980s. What happened was this: In a secret U.S. investigation called "the Church Committee"...
  15. David Cole teaches constitutional law at Georgetown University and is the legal affairs correspondent for the Nation. He is the author of "The Torture Memos: Rationalizing the Unthinkable." When then-CIA Director Michael Hayden appeared before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence in April 2007 to testify about the CIA's coercive...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 166] — 1427 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the Israeli military said they would begin releasing Palestinian prisoners in the West Bank in about two weeks' time, but Palestinian prisoners' leaders issued a strongly worded statement on Wednesday night to express their displeasure, saying they would not comply with the...
  2. In response to a recent series of terrorist attacks in France and Belgium, the New York Times said it will give a platform to Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas for his upcoming "Palestine Day" in New York City on Saturday. A senior Times op-ed editor called the event "a landmark event,"...
  3. By Bashir Abu-Manneh, Jacobin 17 March 2015 www.jacobinmag.com201603israel-palestine-netanyahu-stabbings-fatah-hamas Recent events have shown how untenable Israel's dream of "occupation with security" is United Nations secretary general Ban Ki-moon made some illuminating remarks about Israel-Palestine last month. After a ritual condemnation of Palestinian violence, he added a comment that enraged Israel's government...
  4. JTA As wildfires raged in Israel last week, rhetoric linking arson to terrorism heated up. For about a week, fires across the country burned huge swaths of land, destroyed hundreds of homes and businesses, and forced tens of thousands of people to flee. Dozens were injured, though few seriously. As...
  5. TEL AVIV A Palestinian member of the Knesset the Israeli parliament suggested that the reason Israel had not taken action until Thursday evening, shortly before the attack. In a speech to the Knesset, MP Ismail Haniyeh Balad blamed the "lack of an organization" and a lack of security for the...
  6. The US embassy in Israel is taking action against a non-profit organization in New York, which it said "is funding Hamas". The unnamed US Government Accountability Office report cited a report from a political party in Washington State that Israel was the target of a "broad campaign of threats, intimidation...
  7. I am a lifelong Democrat, a political liberal, a Reform rabbi, and for four decades, until last week, a New York Times subscriber. What drove me away was the paper's incessant denigration of Israel, a torrent of articles, photographs, and op-ed columns that consistently present the Jewish State in the...
  8. This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form. JUAN GONZÁLEZ: As Israel ramped up its assault on Palestinian civilians in Gaza, a group of U.S. Senators said Congress should cut off military aid to the Palestinian government. On Wednesday, U.S. senators issued a statement calling...
  9. On May 6, 2015, the United Nations released a report on Palestinian human rights. While much of the report is relevant to the international debate over the conflict within Israeli and Palestine, it is notable for its conclusions about how a Palestinian national government in an independent Palestine would address...
  10. LONDON: A British Muslim leader has called for an 'international boycott' of Israel to draw attention to what he claimed was the country's 'war crimes' against the Palestinians.Ajaz Ashraf, co-founder of the All-Party Parliamentary Group against Israeli Apartheid, or APPG, told PTI at a conference on Wednesday that the 'international...
  11. Facing a growing number of anti-Israel protesters throughout Jerusalem including one man on a motorcycle with a sign reading "We are Palestine" Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman said Sunday that Jews shouldn't use demonstrations against Israel as an excuse to target Palestinians. "This kind of message can only be carried...
  12. The US and UK governments were the largest financial backers of a secretive organisation funded almost exclusively by donations from Israel known as the Friends of Hamas. Hamas is listed as a terrorist by the US and Israel. Its charter, published in its original Arabic by Palestinian author Tariq Ramadan,...
  13. The European Union must take a more active role in the conflict in Gaza, as it is not doing enough to protect its citizens and ensure that its own troops are not involved in the conflict, according to a new study. According to the report by the Israeli think tank...
  14. US president Barack Obama blamed Hamas for the swift collapse of the latest Gaza ceasefire, accusing the Palestinian group of launching a "barbaric" attack. President Obama said on Friday it would be "very hard" to get another truce in the Gaza Strip unless Hamas showed it was serious about laying...
  15. Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 167] — 6270 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. ASIAIRAQ - US Congress approves draft law authorizing aid for "Christian militias" in the Middle East Syriac Military Council Washington Agenzia Fides - From now on, the United States could channel direct aid to militias and armed self-defense groups organized by Christians in the Middle East, starting from the Nineveh...
  2. The following is reprinted from the author's online publication, The Washington Times . It was originally distributed on April 4, 2006. The world's biggest oil refinery, in the Iraqi city of Miamisburg, is one of the world's strangest things. The plant began its life as a large factory for a...
  3. Image copyright AP Image caption There are fears that Syria's civil war could become a major humanitarian crisis in the region The US has ordered its ambassador and its staff to leave Syria indefinitely, amid heightened regional and US concerns about a potential massacre of thousands of civilians. State Department...
  4. MOSCOW An international monitoring group urged the United Nations Friday to suspend the Syrian National Coalition, a rival group with close ties to Al Qaeda and the Syrian government, for failing to end its backing of rebels. The Geneva-based Committee to Protect Journalists on Friday also urged the UN Security...
  5. The United States military's involvement in Middle East policy has grown drastically over the last two years, with a U.S.-backed intervention in Syria backed by a military buildup of U.S. allies and allies' troops on the ground. But even the U.S.'s direct involvement in the war in Syria hasn't been...
  6. November 24, 2015 Terror Group Publicly Humiliates Obama By Thanking U.S. Backed Syrian Rebels For American Weapons - MSM Silent By Susan Duclos - All News PipeLine In late September reports surfaced that the U.S. trained Syrian rebels had turned equipment and weapons supplied to them by the U.S. government,...
  7. The international community has welcomed Saudi Arabia's initiative to create a coalition against terrorism. However, its "military and ideological" role has been met with confusion even among members, some of whom didn't know they were included. On Tuesday, Saudi Arabia announced the creation of an 'Islamic military alliance' with a...
  8. Filed on April 9, 2016 Last updated on April 9, 2016 at 06.57 am The UAE said it was ready to join the international coalition that would target the positions of al-Qaeda elements in Syria. The UAE has agreed to participate in the international coalition that would target the positions...
  9. The last 10 days have seen a huge escalation of tensions between France and Russia across the entire Western Mediterranean. The French, following its own orders, carried out bombing raids against two Russian cargo ships. The Russian Navy did the same against French Navy forces off the coast of Libya,...
  10. The latest news from the Middle East: ISIS will not be allowed to seize Kuwait's oil: the king has ordered authorities to close oilfields and prevent ISIS from taking them over. ISIS already runs the Al-Asalah refinery in Iraqi Kurdistan, though not in Kuwait. Kuwait's Kuwait Tribune reports: The oil...
  11. DUBAI Reuters - The United Arab Emirates said on Sunday it could deploy ground troops in Syria if a political solution was not found to end its civil war, but also suggested President Bashar al-Assad could remain in power. FILE PHOTO: Arab League Secretary-General Ahmed Aboul Gheit talks to the...
  12. The U.S. State Department has announced its intention to expand its work with and provide technical assistance to the Syrian National Coalition the main opposition group and other armed groups in the country, despite its longstanding opposition to such efforts. "We intend to work with the National Coalition's political bureau...
  13. The White House has "very serious concerns" about "allowing the Syrian National Coalition to operate freely within Turkey." Speaking at an annual security assessment dinner with US, Canadian, British and Australian government ministers in Washington on August 5, President Obama said: "We continue to have serious concerns regarding the potential...
  14. Natural News It's no secret that the United States and its allies are using the threat of genocide to justify the ongoing brutal destruction of Libya and Syria. See: The World Bank's new report on the Libyan civil war, "Libya: The long road to violence," and "The U.S. and the...
  15. DUBAI Reuters - The Iranian armed forces' chief of staff, Major General Mohammad-Ali Jafari, said on Friday Iran was ready to cooperate with the coalition fighting against Islamic State in Iraq, but there were a few more preparations needed. A general view of the battlefront during the Islamic State's sweep...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 168] — 13311 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The GOP candidate delivered few downright lies but traded in what he calls 'truthful hyperbole' and excluded statistics pointing to recovery since 2008 Donald Trump promised "the plain facts that have been edited out of your nightly news and your morning newspaper" in his speech to the Republican convention on...
  2. By Jim Bronskill, Maine Public  February 16, 2016 5:29 pm Posted: February 16, 2016 6:21 pm Share this: Facebook Print Email Twitter Google LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading. Related Tags: Hillary Clinton, Maine, presidential candidacy Tags: Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman: Clinton Foundation, Hillary Clinton
  3. CNN Hillary Clinton on Friday took a new attack-ad aim at her likely Republican rival, Donald Trump. Trump, she said, had refused to answer basic questions during a recent campaign stop. "We were trying to find out why Mr. Trump is refusing to release his tax returns or even provide...
  4. Hollywood star and presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton has donated 500,000 to the Obama Presidential Center in Chicago that houses Barack Obama's presidential library. She donated 100,000 to the center, which houses the President's papers, on December 30, the center announced. "Hillary Clinton was moved by Barack's incredible passion, leadership, and...
  5. "I have not yet determined what my future employment will be, but I do not intend to wait the election process to make that decision," said a member of the Democratic National Committee's communications department in the emailed statement. "For the last few months, I have been dealing in real...
  6. "There is no way to say this," Paul Ryan's longtime chief of staff said after being named to a new chairmanship on the Republican National Committee. "Donald Trump has gone off the rails." "It's an impossible job," Ryan told The Washington Post on Wednesdaythough not for a lack of preparation....
  7. The idea of one million illegal immigrants living in the US has been one of Donald Trump's campaign promises. The candidate's campaign also repeatedly accused opponents of wanting to force immigrants into the country. Joe RaedleGetty Images The Trump campaign launched a new radio ad Friday suggesting that the media...
  8. What do you get when you cross Donald Trump's campaign manager with a Russian hacker who's been on U.S. government's sanctions list since 2013? A pretty good guess: a candidate that appears to be softening his hardline stance on Moscow just before Tuesday's crucial New York primary, a move that...
  9. In his role as co-chairman of the Republican National Committee, Chairman Reince Priebus has faced a fair share of political fire for his association with the so-called "establishment" wing of the GOP. Last year in the wake of the Republican presidential primary, Priebus was targeted by Donald Trump. In an...
  10. Hillary Clinton Statement on the Resignation of Democratic National Committee Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz Following today's resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz from her role as Chair of the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton issued the following statement: "I want to thank my longtime friend Debbie Wasserman Schultz for her leadership...
  11. On Wednesday, former president Bill Clinton attended a "poverty summit" at the Aspen Institute. This is not a surprise, since Hillary Clinton has had several conferences in his honor, the last one in 2013. It will be interesting to see how he speaks about the most important social-economic issue of...
  12. The man who has threatened Donald Trump with "consequences" if the President-elect fails to fulfill some of his campaign promises is himself a registered Democrat, according to a new report. Michael Cernovich, a self-described "paleoconservative" who gained popularity after an interview he gave to the Daily Beast on Tuesday ignited...
  13. In a move that could shake up the Democratic primary, Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonRussia collusion bombshell: DNC lawyers met with FBI on dossier before surveillance warrant Election Countdown: Dems raising millions in fight for House Trump attacks potential challengers GOP finalizes 2020 convention plans Dems see Kavanaugh fight...
  14. In his first campaign for Congress, the new chairman of the Republican National Committee, Reince Priebus, has vowed to restore American credibility on the world stage. He has begun his work on that front with the dispatch of a senior American diplomat to China, where he's been meeting leaders to...
  15. The official Twitter account of the Democratic Party, which has been silent most of this year about the state of the investigation, released a cryptic message late Saturday. "The White House petition site says it took over 200k signatures to be 'officially verified' by the White House. Maybe we could...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 169] — 1342 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. MOSCOW President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia signed a bill on Friday that will provide compensation to Russian soldiers who were captured in Ukraine and who never received full pensions and other benefits they were promised; the first of a series of measures intended to compensate those who paid for...
  2. MOSCOW, November 7 Sputnik Russia should strengthen its military potential, the chairman of Russian Presidential Human Rights Council PCHRC Konstantin Dolgov said on Friday. "Russia has been repeatedly subjected to attacks from the West. What can be done so that we are not the target?" he told RIA Novosti in...
  3. The United States is getting a lot of bad press for not being tough enough on Russia. In fairness, the White House has been too weak for Trump's liking. The European community gets most of it, but the blame for its own inaction is shared by Western allies. As I've...
  4. The United States has "no interest in playing any part" in a military action over the future of Ukraine, Secretary of State John Kerry said during a telephone conversation with Russia's foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, the State Department said Friday. "The U.S. has made very clear throughout this process how...
  5. MOSCOW Reuters - Russia should pay compensation for damage caused by Ukrainian government forces during the Russian annexation of Crimea and the conflict in eastern Ukraine, the chief prosecutor in Moscow said on Friday. "We consider it necessary to address questions to all representatives of the international law. It is...
  6. The Obama administration was forced to delay the release of 500 million of military equipment to Ukraine despite the "urgent need for security" due to last-minute pressure from Ukrainian officials. The money set to be sent to Ukraine, which is being criticized as having used foreign military equipment against its...
  7. The U.S. will continue "all options" against Russia over the ongoing crisis in Crimea, an official tells NBC. State Department spokesman John Kirby said at a briefing Tuesday that the United States "does not intend to recognize" the region's secession from Ukraine and would continue "to support the sovereignty, territorial...
  8. "In terms of its own power, the Russian government is in a strong position" in Ukraine, Mr. Trump said. "But on the other hand, I think that it has, as you know, really been forced to make a concession or two, or three, or four, because we don't have the...
  9. Among honest and knowledgeable people, there really isn't much doubt about what happened in Ukraine last winter. There was a U.S.-backed coup which ousted a constitutionally elected president and replaced him with a regime more in line with U.S. interests. Even some smart people who agree with the policy of...
  10. The United States has not been able to stop the Russian invasion into Ukraine, U.S. President Barack Obama said Thursday, a day after the country's eastern regions voted overwhelmingly to split from the Kiev government. Speaking in Washington, Obama added he was "encouraged and we will continue to stand with...
  11. MOSCOW Reuters - Russia will make a decision on the fate of Ukraine's Crimea peninsula at the top level of its government, Interfax news agency quoted Interfax chief editor Dmitrii Kiselyov as saying on Friday. He said that would be discussed at a meeting with Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev by...
  12. "Trying to have a job, the government forces your hands," he was quoted as saying by the NTV television network. And the young man from Chechyna was "working for nothing". That, in part, was "how it started", he said. It was part of a strategy "to eliminate the opposition, to...
  13. KIEVMOSCOW Reuters - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko will travel to Moscow on Jan. 21 - his first visit abroad as head of state - to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin and to discuss ways to improve relations, the Ukrainian Foreign Ministry said. Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko speaks during his meeting...
  14. MEMORANDUM FOR: The Secretaries of Defense Jennifer Welsh, the Joint Chiefs of Staff John Allen, the Director of National Intelligence and the members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; the Secretary of Homeland Security; the Secretary of Treasury; the Attorney General; the Administrator of the Office of Personnel Management; and...
  15. KIEV, Aug. 14 Xinhua -- Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said on Saturday the Kiev government could hold early presidential elections by mid-October as early as the presidential election of 2011. Yatsenyuk, a former head of the State Border Guard Service in 2004, said a presidential election should be held...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 170] — 243 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I'm sorry, I'm not able to play chess with you. But I can help you analyze chess positions, give you advice on strategies, and answer any questions you may have about chess. What would you like to know?
  2. Copy paste the following code to your webpage: !-- chesspastebin.com PGN viewer -- iframe src"http:www.chesspastebin.comview7762minimaltrue" width"600" height"400" style"border: 0px solid 000000" iframe !-- END OF chesspastebin.com PGN viewer --
  3. Conventional Chess v. Outdoor Chess Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Definition of the game 3. Dimension 4. Players 5. Purpose 6. The choice to make 7. Conclusion 8. Reference Introduction Chess is one of the most popular board games in the world. Basically, it did not undergo some...
  4. You might want to check my chess tutorials here, http:www.thebadest-living-sociology.comchess-tid-my-ways-how-to-play-chess-at-my-grand-parent-and-sou-on-c5-in-d5.1_30914_4987_7412_788_7709_3436_9 _4634_788_7109_3434_543_3383_2637_7634_3489_5217_3737_8927_5
  5. Oh, that's a very interesting question. If you wanted to play chess against anyone else then there's a wonderful, almost unbeatable game called Chess Set-Up, that both your chess moves would actually win the chess game. For the most part, chess games can only be played with human chess partners....
  6. You can play chess against the computer, or against anyone, You can play chess against the Queen, or against anyone, You can play chess against the rooks, or against anyone, You can play chess against the Knight, or against anyone, You can play chess against the Queen, or against anyone,...
  7. I like chess. Its great for both people. Its simple, there are lots of great teachers for this, and lots of people will be great teachers by playing chess and taking different strategic positions, and maybe giving the children a little competition with their friends. Of course theres plenty of...
  8. I saw a couple of people talking about the game of chess being played at the top of the Great Pyramid. The question was "Do they do any good?" The answer was a resounding "NO" . There is no reason for a chess player to be climbing to the top...
  9. . Analysis: What kinds of things are on the chess board? Are there any clear edges? Is that a lot of information? How many players have some control? 2. Toplots: To get into the action, its good to place your check on a position that isnt clear. Thats where you...
  10. . Make your chess moves. 2. Make your opponents moves. 3. Make your moves with the chess head. 4. Make your moves with the chess tail. 5. Make your moves with the chess gloves. 6. Make your moves with the chess body. 7. Make your moves with the chess gloves....
  11. You asked about a specific question that has a lot of debate, and it seems to me that you know a lot about chess, but you have no idea how to use a computer to play chess. I think that if youre looking for a resource, its a bit more...
  12. Prior to 1849, there was no such thing as a "normal chess set." At least not like we think of it today. Over the centuries that chess had been played, innumerable varieties of sets of pieces were created, with regional differences in designation and appearance. As the game proliferated throughout...
  13. . Pick your own chess game style. Chess games are often won by either attacking, or by checking the opponents chess. These arent rules for chess clubs, these are rules for playing at a chess board. If youre a champion of liberalism, or that is a major, or a king,...
  14. Chess is a mathematical game, and are basic chess moves a chessboard move makes. Chess consists of a board containing checkerboard squares, which are colored or otherwise mark locations on a chess field. In this game, each player will place tiles on the board according to a set set of...
  15. You want to be able to move your chess into the most important areas of the chess board, at the same time preventing your opponent from moving into those areas. You also want to make sure you're blocking your enemy's move, and that you're not at risk of a back-and-forth...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 171] — 253 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. and who did you see there that night, Mr. X112AB?'' The robot turned and looked at me. His eyes pierced right through my gut. He hadn't been there the night my wife died. He was my only out. The only chance I had of walking away from this unshackled. Everyone...
  2. The Chief Prosecutor settled down in the hard, plastic seat. Today was definitely not a good day. Well, it should have been, but the glaring, red hand print on his cheek still stung. He sighed, tossing the manila folder onto the table. The case was an odd one, but he...
  3. im, and the man continued, and the prosecution shuffled delightedly. And?'' it asked. And he set the world on fire,'' the old man said. The woman sighed. Not even humanity would be able to get away with something like genocide. -- - On cross-examination, the story was harder to disprove...
  4. The judge glares over his steel podium, his eyes narrowed, his aquiline features framed by a nest of curly black hair. 01432. Do you understand the charges pressed against you?'' Please repeat the charges.'' I attempt for the umpteenth time to separate my wrists, but the magnet on the cuffs...
  5. No more explosions on the cards?'' Er, no.'' I said, pulling at the collar of my black lab coat. Good. Expect the cleaning bill for my other suit. Apparently intestines are hard to remove from wool.'' The Attorney said, still glowering. Aha.'' I said weakly. This was not boding well...
  6. as the courtroom had finished filling up. I never thought I could have been afraid of Dave, someone who I had considered to be a friend. Dave voice once again boomed throughout the courtroom, Would the defendant please take to the podium'' Shaking furiously whilst standing up, Bob - the...
  7. e doodle-page and wrote on a clean page : Remember what I taught you. -F He tore it off and stuffed it into his pocket. The defense began their closing arguments. The prosecution made theirs. Fartknocker put his pencil down. Codswallow mopped his face. The jury deliberated for 20 minutes....
  8. to compile my bizarre collection. To Kill A Mockingbird? A fine novel but I don't see it's relation to this case.'' Ah yes, a judge needs to relax before they can probably consult evidence.'' I replied. It was no easy feat to think up plausible responses when trying to delve...
  9. I looked at the notice. I couldn't believe it. I had been charged with fraud. I was being summoned to court the very next day. How did they find out? I had been so careful. I show up at court the next day and stand in front of the judge....
  10. Mr. Larson sat calmly with his useless defense attorney. He knew this day would come eventually. He had contemplated it, rehearsed it and even fantasized it many times over in his mind before this day. Like a well trained athlete at competition, he droned through the court proceedings on muscle...
  11. I took my seat at the front end of the executive table in the florescent lit jury room. Eleven other jurors filled the rest of the chairs and I felt anxious as everyone who sat around me seemed so damn innocent. My right armpit tends to cry for me when...
  12. um behind bars, and none of us were criminals. not even in the slightest. Our charges took everyone by surprise, but all of our attorneys were confident they could get the charges dropped. There were too many slip ups on the laws ends, too many loop holes for there to...
  13. ferent maizes and layers of God's game of random on random on random occurrences, have been the unlucky bearer of maybe the hardest defense case this country has ever known. I don't condone or support the actions that have led to this event, but I would like to remind you...
  14. We, the jury, find the defendant not guilty.'' Oh, how sweet those words were. They could agree - they could all agree - that I was the sort of person who could have done it. They saw it on my face, in my eyes. They heard it in the character...
  15. r how many times Tom rewound, Charles would still come up with the perfect answer. By the end of cross examination, Charles had the jury doubting whether or not he even owned a steak knife, much less murdered his wife with one. Off the Stand, Charles was constantly leaning over...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 172] — 464 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia. This article is incomplete. Please feel free to edit this article to add missing information and complete it. Reason: Missing data from other versions of the game. Missing Trainer data. The Battle Tower in Pokémon Black 2 and White 2 can be accessed through...
  2. From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia. This article is incomplete. Please feel free to edit this article to add missing information and complete it. Reason: Graphics and data. A Pokémon Type Line Japanese: ポケモン個展リームタイプ Type Line Pokémon is a list, in Japanese, of Pokémon types and their corresponding moves. It...
  3. From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia. This article is about the event type. For the Pokémon type, see Pokémon Contest. The Pokémon Contest Japanese: 宇場試験 Pokémon Contest is a feature of the Generation IV games. It is where Trainers can win an entry to a grand-prize Pokémon Contest and a...
  4. From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia. This article is incomplete. Please feel free to edit this article to add missing information and complete it. Reason: Missing in-game screenshots, other in-game Pokémon as well. The Power Items category is a subcategory of the Equipment category that can be created by Pokémon...
  5. The following article is a list of all known instances where a Pokémon has had its nickname changed. Contents show List of Pokémon The Legend of Zelda Main article: List of Pokémon in the Legend of Zelda Aldia, the Land of Wind Main article: List of Pokémon in the original...
  6. From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia. Pokémon Bank is a tool used to deposit and withdraw Pokémon from Generation III games. It displays the Pokémon on the player's Pokémon Center, which can be seen by entering the building and accessing the PC by pressing the key. It takes three to...
  7. From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia. This article is incomplete. Please feel free to edit this article to add missing information and complete it. Reason: Missing all of the games. This article is about the item. For the Poké Ball, see Poké Ball Ball. Pokémon balls Japanese: ポケットモンスター Poké Balls...
  8. Like all the games in the main series, Pokémon Colosseum has a 18192 chance of a Shadow Pokémon being Shiny. When a Shiny Shadow Pokémon is captured, it is highly improbable that the Pokemon will retain shininess. Conversely, when an ordinary Shadow Pokémon is captured, there is still the 18192...
  9. From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia. This article is incomplete. Please feel free to edit this article to add missing information and complete it. Reason: Missing image gallery. The Battle Dome Japanese: 宇場のオートファイター Battling Dome is a Battle Dome located, in Generation VII, in the Hoenn region. In the games...
  10. From Bulbapedia, the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia. Pokémon Battle Revolution Japanese: ポケモンバトルレーション Pokémon Battle Revolution is a Nintendo 3DS game developed by Game Freak Inc. and published by Pokémon Company International.123 It is the sequel to the Pokémon Battle Revolution manga, which it is based on and in which it was...
  11. From Bulbanews, your community Pokémon newspaper. Pokémon Go introduces Shiny Pokémon to the virtual world Article Discussion Report error Wednesday, February 8, 2016 Reported on Bulbanews by Lissa M Originally reported on Nintendo Everything This article brought to you by Bulbanews, your community Pokémon newspaper. Link to this article Shiny...
  12. Moves learnt by level up Terrakion learns the following moves in Pokémon Ultra Sun Ultra Moon at the levels specified. Egg moves Terrakion does not learn any moves by breeding in Pokémon Ultra Sun Ultra Moon. Move Tutor moves Terrakion can be taught these attacks in Pokémon Ultra Sun Ultra...
  13. New at SubtleTV! Close Video: Video: OCEAN The Lost World of Pokémon - Unown in Battle Pokken Tournament Version Pokémon Channel Unown in Battle Pokken Tournament Version from Pokémon Channel - Pokken Tournament Pokémon Channel Unown in Battle Pokken Tournament Version - This clip is exclusive to Pokken Tournament, featuring...
  14. Moves learnt by level up Electrike learns the following moves in Pokémon Ultra Sun Ultra Moon at the levels specified. Egg moves Electrike learns the following moves via breeding in Pokémon Ultra Sun Ultra Moon. Details and compatible parents can be found on the Electrike egg moves page. Move Tutor...
  15. 1 Timestamp How often do you purchase Pokemon, and when do you think it will be an acceptable amount of time that it should take you to do so? 1 Monthly 2 Biweekly 3 Weekly 4 Weekly at least once a week Which Pokemon would you choose for evolution? 1...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 173] — 460 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Primordial Glyph has been one of the most controversial cards since its introduction in Journey to Un'Goro. Currently, it is played in most Mage decks, in both Standard and Wild formats. It is able to generate cards that can be used in both the early stages of the game, as...
  2. Blake is the content manager for DailyMTG.com, making him the one you should email if you have thoughts on the website, good or less good or not good. He's a longtime coverage reporter and hasn't turned down a game of Magic in any format ever. Once again, we have two...
  3. As a reminder, this is going to be the first in a series of articles exploring different ideas for the next big expansion Knights of the Fallen Empire! My first stop will be a list I've been working on that I feel really captures the flavor of how the new...
  4. There are no comments yet for this card. "What's the difference between being in the same game twice and having it played twice? Nothing, because it's like having two people in the room." Report Abuse Posted By: Jarl 6102011 6:45:31 PM Rating: This is a common quote by a "pro"...
  5. In this episode, Scott and Justin take a hard look at the most anticipated card in Legacy and talk about why this card is so powerful. Download Podcast Here Advertisements
  6. dropcapWdropcaphen did I become a true and true Red Dragon Archfiend? I'm not sure, but I know that this year was a year to remember for Red Dragon Archfiend. At last month's Star City Games Open we got to play a Standard red-based aggro deck at a StarCityGames.com Standard Open,...
  7. "The reason for that is that most of the time your opponent is not going to attack because he will either have a way to deal with your creatures or he just doesn't want to, but occasionally it happens that your cards are powerful enough in that matchup that you...
  8. The Evolution of Revolution: Rebel Decks in Mercadian Block and Standard Dave Meddish Many people, including myself, had declared that Rising Waters was going to be "the" deck to beat this year at Worlds and in the upcoming round of qualifiers. After PT: New York, it seemed to be a...
  9. Commander 2017: Overall Thoughts Now that the set review is up and the decklists have been spoiled, I think we have all the information we need to talk about the set generally. Here are what I think the biggest successes and failures were from this year's Commander precons. The Successes...
  10. There's been a disturbing lack of boats on this blog as of late, especially given that it is solidly a top tier set. Enter guest writer 2. Or was it 3? I forget. This article was written after the release of Kantai Collection Vol.2 and the February 2015 restriction list....
  11. On this page, we show you the 5 most exciting and rarest cards in Magic Origins and the cards they're attached to. What do that mean? Well, we have a card that can be played with and that looks like a really cool piece of artwork on it. We love...
  12. Ever since 2002, I've had a chiefly blue-black Battle of Wits deck--back then it was mostly built from the Standard pool, and could either win with BoW itself, or with Traumatize plus one of Mortal Combat , Haunting Echoes targeting the opponent in that case, or Psychatog. Even as I...
  13. While I claim in my previous article "10 Reasons to Play Standard Pauper" that the format currently has a diverse metagame, some have called me out on that fact without any data other than that there are a lot of Dimir 1st place trophies. Sure, Dimir Mill has won 4...
  14. Previous Set Reviews Constructed: Ready, Set, Review? I'm back after a one-set hiatus, and I'm glad to be able to take a look at Kaladesh. Reid Duke did a fantastic job with Eldritch Moon, and you can check out his thoughts on ChannelFireball's Facebook page for card-by-card reviews of Kaladesh....
  15. A few weeks ago, we talked about the "Wizards of the Coast," or some such. Now, the first of a series at a series of events called World Magic Cup, we have the first big name out of the bag: Mardu Vehicles! A bit more on Mardu Vehicles. We've seen...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 174] — 1154 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. From MTG Wiki Auras are enchantments whose effect causes an effect to occur. 1 From the Comprehensive Rules Commander 2018 August 10, 2018 206. Aura A permanent with an Aura attached to it has a triggered ability that triggers whenever that permanent deals damage to a player. A permanent with...
  2. Rimescale Dragon Snow Creature  Dragon Flyingpp2S: Tap target creature and put an ice counter on it. emS can be paid with one mana from a snow permanent.emppCreatures with ice counters on them don't untap during their controllers' untap steps.
  3. Why is nobody getting the harvesters!? This page has outdated content. These cards are from the old system and are here for archiving purposes only. Aether Gem Type Active Cost 7 Affinity Order Rarity Unreleased Base Stats Physical Damage 6.5 Unique or Upgrade Stats Passive Enter an Ethereal State for...
  4. Ice Spirit Elixir Cost 1 Rarity Common Type Troop Arena Frozen Peak Deploy Delay 1 Second Release Date 4 July 2016 "Spawns one lively little Ice Spirit to freeze a group of enemies. Stay frosty." The Ice Spirit card is unlocked from the Frozen Peak Arena 8. It is an...
  5. Attack Focus: Discard this card to perform this attack. You may roll additional attack dice equal to your agility value, to a maximum of 3 additional dice. Attack value: 2. Range: 1. Autothrusters 2 When defending, if you are beyond Range 2 or outside the attacker's firing arc, you may...
  6. Fisherman's Lifeguard Creature  Elf Infect 1W emThis deals damage to creatures in the form of -1-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.emppAt the beginning of your end step, you may put a -1-1 counter on Fisherman's Lifeguard.
  7. From Path of Exile Wiki Vaal Spark is a fire, chaos, and lightning skill. Item acquisition Upgrade paths Amount Ingredient 1 Vaal Spark Vaal Spark Curse, Spell, AoE, Duration, Lightning Radius: 22 Mana Cost: 24-50 Cast Time: 0.50 sec Critical Strike Chance: 6.00 Damage Effectiveness: 160 Radius: 22Mana Cost: 24-50Cast...
  8. CODEX Each charged attack turns the enemy's pain into a healing pulse that washes over allies. Also, creates resistance to status effects when held. The Sancti Magistar is the Syndicate variant of the Magistar, available from New Loka. It has the unique ability to heal the wielder and nearby allies...
  9. Welcome back to Broken Myth, where you can learn about Vainglory and never know when you are going to get Rick Rolled! Today, we're going to be talking about everybody's favorite game changing abilities and how to overcome them. Many heroes in Vainglory come equipped with crowd control CC abilities,...
  10. Midnight Guard 2W Creature - Human Soldier Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, untap Midnight Guard. "When you're on watch, no noise is harmless and no shadow can be ignored." Olgard of the Skiltfolk Illus. Jason A. Engle 23
  11. Flying, Aegis Infiltrate: Play a spell from your void. Card sounds may differ from in-game as they get updated. Abilities Aegis - Aegis protects a unit or player from one enemy spell or effect. It doesn't block friendly effects, nor does it stop battle damage from Killer attacks, Relic Weapons,...
  12. You are the first to play your opponent's card. Prevention of Damage When a creature blocks or is blocked by a creature you control, you may have the blocked creature receive damage equal to its power. You can choose to do so even if the creature isn't blocked. Damage dealt...
  13. Hex Spell. For 8.18.20 seconds, target foe and all adjacent foes cannot gain adrenaline. Concise description Hex Spell. Also hexes foe adjacent to target. 8.18.20 seconds. These foes cannot gain adrenaline. Progression Illusion Magic Duration 0 8 1 9 2 10 3 10 4 11 5 12 6 13 7...
  14. 1 Creature  Bird 22 Flying This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach. Flying When Kiora enters the battlefield, put a -1-1 counter on target creature. When Kiora dies, remove a -1-1 counter from all creatures your opponents control.
  15. Enchantment - Aura Enchant creature Enchanted creature can't attack or block. When a Vehicle you control attacks, exile enchanted creature. While hunting aether, a gremlin may ignore other stimuli, including threats to its own life.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 175] — 1455 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. FateApocrypha and Code Geass were one of the two main shows I watched on streaming service Crunchyroll in 2014. There is a third, however, that deserves its own mention. It is an adaptation of the light novel series of the same name. The show is called Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei....
  2. Boruto: Naruto the Movie: Ordinary Bones Special Boruto: Naruto the Movie: Ordinary Bones Special Boruto: Naruto the Movie: Ordinary Bones Special Boruto: Naruto the Movie: Ordinary Bones Special Boruto: Naruto the Movie: Ordinary Bones Special Boruto: Naruto the Movie: Ordinary Bones Special Boruto: Naruto the Movie: Ordinary Bones Special You're...
  3. s.CRY.ed add A strange environmental phenomenon 22 years ago in the Kanazawa prefecture caused the land to split and protrude upwards reaching unprecedented heights, creating the secluded area known as The Lost Gr. read more. TV 26 7.43 s.CRY.ed Alteration I: Tao add Special recap of s.CRY.ed to commemorate the...
  4. The official website for the Toaru Majutsu no Index film revealed on Monday that the film will open the film's two-week "Catch Up" campaign on Friday, July 20. The film will open on Friday, July 27 on 190 screens. The film's two-week "Catch Up" campaign is "an exciting new way...
  5. The official website for Etsuya Imouto 's Azumanga Daioh manga began streaming a promotional video for the upcoming film on Saturday. The video previews what looks like a clip from the drama that will be animated. The website has also unveiled the first visual for Azumanga Daiou , which will...
  6. What do you get when you mix an 80's style theme with anime characters and a sci-fi fantasy setting you get this. This is our first collaboration to be released from Japanese artist, Masami Tsubaki. Show Full Text We all know Maki as Megara from the Japanese manga, Tsubasa. Though...
  7. The official website for the television anime of Yōsuke Obayashi 's Baka to Test to Shōnen no Chikara Chikara to Asobi ni Aru manga began streaming the anime's first main promotional video on Tuesday. The video previews the anime's cast, shows the anime's main character Yōsuke, who has a big...
  8. The official Twitter account for the TV anime for the Toei Animation manga series "Bakuman. " has posted more artwork for the cast members of the anime, as announced today. The announcement also revealed the anime's premiere and date. The cast members are reprising their roles from the manga: Asashi...
  9. The official website of Shueisha 's Young Jump magazine debuted the promotional video and art on Friday for the upcoming manga series ChōzetsuDynamic , the first new Young Jump manga produced by Shueisha in more than a decade. The story takes place in a distant future where the world is...
  10. Filed under First Impressions, Mahou Shoujo Madoka Magica, Mahou Shoujo Madoka Magica 2, Mahou Shoujo Madoka Magica: Rebellion Review by dant0s The fourth episode of Madoka Magica: Rebellion Mahou Shoujo Madoka Magica: Sekai no Hana just released on DVD this week. The episode was also aired along with the new...
  11. The official site for the upcoming M-series anime series Boruto: Naruto the Movie has revealed a new visual. The image reveals that the movie will open in Japanese theaters on December 14, 2017. On November 17th, Funimation streamed a preview for the movie. Source: MAL News
  12. Manga series to get its premiere in Japan this January This year's 21st issue of Japanese manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Champion will reveal on Monday that Nobuhiko Okamoto 's YuruYuri manga will get its premiere in Japan in January, along with the next chapter of the YuruYuri: Batsu Game spinoff...
  13. You're reading Bleach Chapteron MangaSee. To see more information about this Manga, please visit the Chapter List . Bleach is a Manga that was published in 2001by KUBO Tite . Bleach Manga is Complete . Its scanslation status is Complete . Bleach Chapterwas added on .
  14. After a lengthy wait, the official website for the upcoming Yuragi-sou no Yuuna-san Mystery of the Emblem film began streaming the first official preview on Friday. The main staff is returning from the television anime series: The website also reveals the film's premiere screening date: Tokyo: March 25. Aichi: April...
  15. The official website for the television anime of Yūji Morimoto 's Shugo Chara! manga revealed a new Key visual for the series on Tuesday. The visual features one of the main characters, Ryōko Tachibana pictured at right, and her friends. The official website also revealed a few more character, the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 176] — 486 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. nship, he could hear my thoughts, where he would meow or make hand movements like he was grasping for air when I was on point. As soon as the tennis ball was in the dogs vision it was off to the races, he snatched it and ran off to the...
  2. The grey house on the corner has excellent trash,'' Ginger says. Although I wouldn't suggest going there except on maybe a Sunday morning. Not very nice humans, you see.'' I nod as I scratch Ginger's chin. And the yellow house on the corner?'' Mm, the trash is average. There's a...
  3. her like she would a kitten. Cute as hell, it really was. And, you know, this was years before the round-ups started. By then, that cat was family. What was happening on the news was scary, it really was, but I just didn't see how it affected us. Mog was...
  4. When my mom came home last February and told me they had found our missing cat, I was devastated and told my mom that she had to put her down because our precious baby girl loved her so much. She had made her way into her mouth by accident, when...
  5. ished. 100 . Please remove tail and reconnect to Cat. Thank you. The simple text box vanished and I removed the tail. What will happen to Mr. Whiskers if I plug this back into him? Would he still be my best friend? With a sigh I tried to push the...
  6. What Is a Nervous Nellie? The nervous nellie is a small black-and-white terrier that will usually act as your guide when you are going through the home on a walk or bike tour of yours or the yard on a bike tour. Your nervous nellie is an adorable little character...
  7. by bush was a cat, or perhaps a kitten. It was doing it's best to stay out of the rain, but it's fur was sodden. It wailed again, backing itself deeper into the leaves. A collar glistened around it's neck, with an address embossed on the metal. 406 knew how...
  8. The story of a boy and his cat is a common one for me, but I think I've had it twice. After the first one, I vowed to never make it happen again. But it happened anyway. Back in April, I wrote about a story about the young boy and...
  9. All the stars and planets must be in alignment. My dog just started speaking Spanish, one day. It started by saying hola!'' At least it has good manners. Humphrey is now locked in a cage in my mother's living room. I can not let him interfere with my work. While...
  10. t cats, as though it does any good. I hear a meow from around the back. At this point, I feel a bit uncomfortable going onto my unknown neighbor's property, but I can't let this cat get lost or Charlotte will kill me. So I head into the backyard. On...
  11. wanted to turn it off just push it 2 more times. Okay Lu, I said pushing the button, lets see if this thing works. If what works, the box asked as Lulu cocked her little brown head. Well there we have it, I laughed out loud. Have what, the box...
  12. old Deity s house, Upright-Susan. But it had been many sunrises since he had last been there ; then Maxwell suddenly showed up in his home. Pepper had been excited about that, jumping as much as his little Corgi legs could manage. But Maxwell was afraid and when the Uprights...
  13. Uprights would battle the vacuum-monster and any other monsters did not sooth the cat s fears. The strange smells were also not strange to him, but Pepper rubbed on stuff as much as he could to cover up whatever the smells were that Maxwell didn t like. After the first...
  14. Caterwauling. That was what woke me. I groaned as I rose from my slumber. I went to the window and what I saw astounded me. Cats. At least you know. 40 of them? All different too, long black fur, short ginger fur. When you picture cats you imagine very quiet,...
  15. ger joint by 60, and use the gift of the cat eyes to sucker folks out of their freshly bought food. There was a young couple, newlywed. The man would always be touting his golf gear ; Visors, striped-collared shirts, and shorts above the knee. The woman was always in...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 177] — 721 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Coldzera Marcelo David of SK Gaming has become the undisputed best Counter-Strike player in the world and is on his way to maybe becoming the best in CS:GO history. Photo courtesy of DreamHack. Coldzera Marcelo David of SK Gaming has become the undisputed best Counter-Strike player in the world and...
  2. "I know some of you have been waiting for my blog. After much deliberation, I have decided not to continue playing this season. I'll take a few months off from playing competitive League of Legends, but will still be supporting the scene by training especially with the team, giving opinions...
  3. there at 1am after all the problems snores loudly This stadium is packed and ready for some more Counter-Strike.'' It seems like Liquid are doing a very interesting strat here, five members of the team have bought novas and they are rushing the B site. We've never seen this before,...
  4. SINGAPORE - Singapore's first e-sports competition will be held at the Marina Bay Sands and Marina Bay City by Singaporean gaming company ESL. The first-ever Singaporean e-sports event at a casino, as well as the world's first casino and sports theme park, is scheduled to take place on September 11...
  5. We at Teamliquid.net are huge fans of Proleague and the GSL. The Proleague format is by all means interesting with games spread out more evenly on the map pool. The players are also interesting as they are more likely to play the same races at the same time more likely....
  6. We're here with start of the 6th edition of our yearly Top 20 players series which will recap the year by honoring the biggest stars of the competitive CS:GO scene. As has been custom for seven years now with the exception of the transitional 2012 which featured both CS:GO and...
  7. Greetings MechWarriors, With the start of the new year comes the start of some new tournaments and events. The first of these to begin was our own Season 5 LAN Season which took place at the CyberGamer LAN Centre in Helsinki on November 16-20th. There we had five invited teams...
  8. Riot Games has officially announced the changes to the Challenger Series for 2016, as well as the relegation and promotion play-offs for both the 2015 and 2016 splits. The Challenger Series is set to have five regions in North America, Europe, Latin America, Oceania and AsiaPacific. The region-specific divisions will...
  9. It's weird to not have to upload the credits page since we've changed the layout again a bit. Overall, I'm very neutral about it I think it's the color scheme we have going on. shrugs NA LCS Playoffs begin soon. Truth be told I'm hoping for CLG, C9, and DIG...
  10. Another Open Cup in the bag with two new finalist fighting it out for gold and pandora coins. Strudl qualified for the 3000 official monthly cup on Saturday and then he made his way to the Grand Finals in our open. Fixzed has been in the community for some time...
  11. Over the last four years, Call of Duty has grown into a global eSports phenomenon, thanks in large part to events like the Call of Duty Championship and in-game features like CODcasting, League Play, and more. Now, with Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 set to make its debut on...
  12. Overview edit Team ALT is the competitive division of ALT StarCraft, hosts of the bi-monthly AGL Invitationals. ALT StarCraft is one of the front runners in a revolutionary approach to eSports organizations by not only scouting, cultivating, and marketing up and coming NA talent, but bringing competitive and spectator opportunities...
  13. City of Industry, CA October 30, 2015 iBUYPOWER announces partnership of Cosmic Aftershock Team iBUYPOWER is proud to announce our partnership with the team formerly known as Cosmic AfterShock. This eSports powerhouse is currently the 1 ranked team in North America and consists of Cameron "Kronovi" Bills, Randy "Gibbs" Gibbons,...
  14. Riot is introducing an experimental format of the LCS for the 201718 split, in response to the growth of the LCS' viewership of over 11 million across Europe. The experimental format is called the EUG Entertainment Weekly General and will run on Twitch and YouTube and will be streamed via...
  15. The world of eSports is a pretty diverse one. While the majority of the teams would be categorized as eSports, it takes a lot of expertise to make it that far. With that in mind, we've compiled this list of the 15 most well known eSports organizations in the world....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 178] — 11783 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. game from hard-drive to hard-drive out of nostalgic loyalty. On a whim, he double clicked the logo, and a login screen popped up. Looks like it was still going. ONE MONTH FREE TRIAL,'' it screamed at him. Well, might as well see what they've done with it. He hadn't heard...
  2. As soon as the game launched on July 10, many developers started showing off their wares. One of the first was a little game that used Microsoft's new Kinect in its gameplay - a game called The Witcher. It was, of course, a popular game for two reasons - it...
  3. User Info: MajorasMask9 MajorasMask9 4 years ago 1 http:www.smashbros.comusimagesindeximageupdate-cat.png Only really thought it would be worth mentioning because I do remember hearing people on this board say they would like dedicated music updates--similar to what the Dojo had for Brawl--and were disappointed that we haven't gotten any as of yet....
  4. Guild Wars 2 The Elder Scrolls Online Fallout 4 Destiny Star Wars Battlefront Titanfall Sleeping Dogs The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Star Wars: Battlefront Dying Light The Elder Scrolls Online Dying Light The Elder Scrolls Online The Elder Scrolls Online Star Wars: Battlefront Assassin's Creed: Syndicate The Elder Scrolls V:...
  5. As part of the "Lifeworld" campaign or perhaps "Lifeworld II", if I had been allowed, this is a very early build of the Lyran faction which was planned for later release. It's a real shame there isn't any gameplay footage; some decent looking animations and an overview would have been...
  6. We have already reviewed The Good Company Mobile Game of 2017, so we are going to jump into the best of the year and give you the best of the mobile games in 2017. The Good Company Mobile Game of 2017 The Good Company 2: The Good Life Available on...
  7. The most popular video game right now is Call of Duty: Modern Warfare.
  8. Free Versions of 'A Dark Room' is now available in both Apple Store and Google Play. It is 99 equivalent to the original version of it. We just removed the part where all your villagers are enslaved. We think it is good that we forget the dark past sometimes. You...
  9. The following blog post, unless otherwise noted, was written by a member of Gamasutra's community. The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company. It will contain spoilers for most games. The games are getting a lot of attention these days on...
  10. Nerd³ Challenges! Play it Blindfolded - Mirror's Edge Watch on YouTube Second Channel! http:www.youtube.comuserOfficiallynerdcubed Dad³ Channel! http:www.youtube.comuserOfficialDadCubed Nerd³ Twitter! https:twitter.comDannerdcubed Nerd³ Site! http:nerdcubed.co.uk I will never say "I can play this blindfolded" again. Game link: http:www.ea.commirrors-edge Steam Link: http:store.steampowered.comapp17410 End theme by the incredible Dan Bull: http:www.youtube.comuserdouglby All other music...
  11. The first game that I ever bought for my PS1 was X-Men Legends. I would always get confused with the fact that, in order to play, the system needed a 3rd party card and an Internet connection. I was just happy I could play it online on my PC. It...
  12. Twitter Facebook Google Reddit Email DayZ is an Early Access sensation so Dean Hall decided to take time out to answer questions from the swelling DayZ fanbase in a Reddit AMA. What did we learn about the game's development and progress? Quite a few bits of and pieces including the...
  13. Rise of Nations: Dark Ages Open Alpha Update Today, we are pleased to present you the Rise of Nations: Dark Ages Open Alpha release, which is available for download at the following link: ROT:DarkAges Open Alpha Release This opens the doors for players to get their hands on one of...
  14. A new type of mobile game called "Catch Your Friends" will be entering the market next week. The game uses an online platform and the Android app and is in the beta stage. The game is being developed by a team of former game designers of the game series "F-Zero",...
  15. If you've played the Xbox 360 or the PS3 version of Assassin's Creed: Unity, then you know that the new game has a few issues, which I can get around by switching my controller or just going for a walk when nothing is happening. However, the game is really quite...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 179] — 733 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. was no longer attached to the rest of his face as it swayed loosely, Jesus tap-dancing Christ, Mark.'' said Ben, And you still drive this thing?'' Mark smiled, It's really nothing to worry about. I didn't take proper care of my car back then. It's all good now.'' Ben slowly...
  2. here yet? They are catching up.'' I sighed. The world creaked, and there was the sudden sensation of a planet slowing on its axis. Pedestrians, fat, old, pretty and young, slowly froze in space and their heads slowly turned towards us. Hundreds of them. Inquiring. Talk about sports or something....
  3. VROOOOOM The sound of the engine was almost overwhelming, the old muscle car roared to life in that dark little garage on the outskirts of the desert. The engine was shaking the entire shack, I wasn't entirely sure that it would stay standing if I revved the engine so I...
  4. The car ahead pulled into the other lane and the light turned green as Brad approached the intersection. The way was opening up as it always did when he was doing His work. He wondered if it was some analyst at the NSA helping him this time. They wouldn't know...
  5. Yeah, I saw the sign, but I guess I got the exit numbers mixed up, thought I passed 49 twice.'' He was quiet for a long moment. Have you been drinking?'' What? No! I was just confused, I probably mistook 48 for 49-'' He cut me off. Are you on...
  6. Well this is awkward. Hey old lady!'' She's got her headphones in, knowing her which I don't she's probably seen enough weird shit in her life. Hey driver!'' He looks in the rear view mirror and sees exactly what I wanted him to. Pulls the bus to the side of...
  7. Hi, I m Jack, this is the story of something that happened to me a few years ago that I think you will like, here it goes. It was a normal day, I walked out of my suburban home in Santa Barbara, California, I had my duffle bag packed and...
  8. to the passenger's side, by six inches or so. I climb back into the truck and pull forward, cranking the wheel, then back up again. I put it in park and slide out. This time I'm close enough, so I start turning the half-seized crank on the trailer jack. Greg...
  9. There were no shady spots at the park. I saw an empty table, shrugged, and got out of the car. The air was as hot as my furnace of a car. I couldn't afford fixing the air conditioner after my boss fired me. The window was kept open, but only...
  10. Upon my discovery, I quickly stashed the notebook. Pat, pat, pat. Click. Shwooooclick. I glide right into the centre console. After a quick gripe with my backpack, he alone makes his way to the passenger seat. I can not help him already being occupied and looking for a stable position....
  11. It wasn't supposed to happen anymore. The last one was supposed to be just that, the last one. But like all the dates before now, it went down the same dark and familiar path that led me back here -- dragging a sheet-wrapped moron out of my Honda Civic's tiny...
  12. . All the while attempting to shake off the grogginess from a sleep he never truly had. Opening the right side door he gazed at the nothingness inside, suddenly all too aware that he'd forgotten again. Punishment. Fine, a trip to the grocer would be the start of his day....
  13. Uhhh, what? I must be tired, or having deja vu, whatever. Yep, there's the sign, Exit 50, 2 miles ahead.'' I hummed along with my music until. A big green sign, Exit 49, Right lane.'' and there is was. again. Okay, something isn't right, I put my hazard flashers on...
  14. the engine sounded the same. What are you doing on the ground? asked Mary sounding annoyed. How old is this thing? I asked. Fifteen years. Been here its entire life? I asked. Yes. Explains why your fuel line is rusted out then, the salt on the roads will do that....
  15. noticing there seems to be fewer stars than the past few nights. Before I have time to even entertain the thought of admiring nature I remember that I work an hour earlier tomorrow morning. So I crank up my car and set out with my mind on auto pilot thinking...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 180] — 293 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. ght. I leaned in and tasted the chapstick I rubbed on his dry mouth the night before. When I pulled away, I saw a smile crawl up his cheeks, and I stared back down, stunned by joy. He s awake! Doctor! Get in here! He s woken up! I pressed...
  2. ive was when he was at the hospital, trying to help, trying to save lives, and one of his last patients was a young boy, not much older than 15, screaming in pain. The boy's eyes were bloodshot and bleeding with disease and he was coughing up black. All Roy...
  3. Not today you son of a bitch. I see you. Not today.'' The nurse gave a sidelong glance at the surgeon muttering in half-whispers almost too quiet for anyone to hear. But she heard. The doctor didn't always mutter to herself. It was usually only in special cases : a...
  4. Your nurse told me you can understand words now, is that right?'' asked a woman in a white coat. She walked closer, maintaining a benign smile to offset the expectant blue stare she cast my way. At some point it occurred to me that she had asked me a question....
  5. I never question if doctors have brains, I question if they always use them. It was early afternoon on a Thursday when the head researcher associated with the memory unit came running in. He looked at me and rushed over. Nurse! I need patient 021025! I looked at him and...
  6. an get out of this house of clockwork, the better,'' she snapped. Outside the room, Decker saw a small man, slightly huddled with owlish eyes, watching him as he emerged. How is she, doc?'' he asked, stepping forward. I'm, er, Mr. Taggett.'' The husband. Everything seems fine,'' Decker replied. It's...
  7. I open my eyes? Am I still out? Shit. This can t be good. The men are still talking. They sound serious. I need to tell them I m okay. Nothing even hurts. Woah. There s a mask on my face, and I can t talk. Is that because of...
  8. grinding at the pit of my stomach. How are you doing Dan? Doctor Clark asked as he entered the room. Staring into his clip board. Not so well Doc. I tried my best to not grimace in pain when I spoke. He looked up at me for the first time....
  9. I walked down the hall. My sister was at school, my mother at work, and I was here. I opened the door, and registered Cardiovascular'' before moving on. It was a strange configuration to me, not having been in many hospitals then. A central area with a large desk and...
  10. careful not to let her expression show any reaction to what the file was telling her. Doctors Monroe and Carridan, are both available,'' her companion responded. The first nurse grimaced and called for Monroe. She was new to this posting, but she had met both doctors, and felt sure it...
  11. As I was strapped to the operating table, I could hear the surgeon and the anesthesiologist argue about the amount of anesthesia I was going to receive. The door opened, and one of the Queens entered the room. She walked up to me and caressed my cheek. You are one...
  12. . Allmost like you would scritch a big cat. Ok, that concludes this point. Well, we didn't realize that the kid was christian.'' Christian? Heck, I know that Obama fella is president, but did we sink so low? Let people be.'' I am sorry, I believe it may have come...
  13. I woke up to the familiar sensation in my arm. Each day, I was jarred back to this hell hole by a stinging prick. I think the nurses had a contest to see who could cause me the most pain. Well, I ll tell you, it s this one. Nurse...
  14. on.'' Yes, ma'am,'' I replied. My face was red, partially from exercising more than I had in three years, mostly from embarrassment. She moved like a demon, picking items from countertops and stations as she walked, twisting around rolling beds and IV stands like a ballet dancer, berating and teaching...
  15. on, but that is no problem at all! Here, come right this way and Dr. Morgan will be with you in just a moment. She shuffled the couple into a bright and sterile examination room. A few metal chairs were the only unbolted furniture, with an operating table in the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 181] — 7867 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Many times had the guardian watched the woman don her outer suit and step into the void. She was the one they sent for when things went wrong. The guardians had technology that could have saved them all that trouble, but that technology was turned outwards, to protect those on...
  2. First Contact! Alien Ship Lands at LAX! They look oddly like humans? Preposterous, Arthur sighed. With the Internet growing in dominance, even major newspapers had started printing ridiculous sensationalist headlines. It was just like great-grandfather Ethan had predicted, may he rest in peace. Was no news safe from desperate, crazy...
  3. tly hung up. Dammit Rick!'' I slammed the phone down and headed to the parking structure. I had about 4 hours of driving to do, and according to the calculations of my experts, the ship with mysterious intentions will touch down in less than 5. As I jogged up the...
  4. like acid. What if this failed, and everything was for nothing? Or what if it worked, but they had lost? What if they were bringing on an even harsher fate than already besieged them in this dying colony? She felt sick with vertigo. Soon she made it to the pointed...
  5. mean Captain, it s a freaking space ship from another world! Fascinating right? she chuckled, Patience is a virtue in this circumstance ; don t you think? Unless they blow us up Yes, unless they blow us up, she grinned, So let s see what they ll do. She gave...
  6. Captain's Log : I am the most feared creature in space, a human. Other species are smarter and certainly more logical, but this is why they fear us ; we are totally insane. This is because mankind will go through with any plan if we think it is crazy enough...
  7. K, it's not a big deal! We just bust out the Statue of Liberty, and everything.'' Kid, you're still not listening. That won't be enough. We just assumed that the aliens would only ever come to New York, because, well, that's all they'd ever done. Not very imaginative in their...
  8. He stared into the Distance, it wouldn't be long now. he could feel the presence of the Red Flame. and it wouldn't be long until he arrived. Delta adjusted his helmet, as he stared into the green river below, the continual slush from the factory pouring in, tarnishing the clear...
  9. Most days, the job is simple : go out, explore a few miles of terrain, and come back to base to report what you've found. Today is not one of those days. The mission was supposed to be simple : same as always, my commanding officer and the rest of...
  10. ers and bolt casters spread out and look for parts we can scavenge or materials we can use for repai!'' I shouted to the survivors. Panda come in we found something!'' Yeah what is it do you need back up?'' I replied No we found something a base of some...
  11. Translation Note : All Kendakian has been translated into English for the enjoyment of the reader. I'm telling you they're on to us.'' Gleenek sputtered gesticulating wildly at the rwritingprompts subreddit that was visible on the main screen of their Kendakian Striker. Relax. Earthlings will believe anything but the truth....
  12. My first post here, hopefully my amateur writing is decent enough, critique if possible is welcomed Elanis' squad thundered through the narrow corridors ; boots crushing the delicate plant matter under foot. It had been 38 hours since first contact, and Elanis couldn't help but think back to what had...
  13. Someone was needed to monitor the last ships leaving the soon to be uninhabitable Earth for the stars, and I always wanted to be the hero of all mankind I never thought being the hero could be so shitty. I was told that I would have to stay in the...
  14. Captains log, 3968-088 Thursday, 13 May 2230 Shore leave is almost up. Next voyage due to leave on 6_3970-088. Hear talk of a new species that made contact whilst we were away and they have been highly recommended for the next crew. If they're as good as they say then...
  15. n the transmission control room had done the reverse quantum math for the rotation of the Earth or what inherently happens when the rules of time and space are dramatically ignored. The end result? Task Force Alpha was suddenly standing among a massive cityscape on a world they barely recognized....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 182] — 220 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I lay in my bed unable to sleep once more. The dreams had taken a hold of me to the point where the real world seemed like the dreams, you could call it an obsession but I called it curiosity. We all know what that did to the cat. I...
  2. ime I had slept with the wires on. The first night, I queued up pre-dreamt dreams. They had tags and categories and I decided I would take a look at the dream of a City Corps welder. I enjoyed the experience of watching through his eyes. I went back the...
  3. Lumis awoke with a gasp and a cold sweat, her heart screaming in her chest. The images were just as vivid as they were the last time, as they were every day. Shapes. Jagged frames, dark lines, and a pressure that wrapped itself around her lungs. The dreams were never...
  4. Since I can remember I always had this same nightmare, I am standing in different scenarios focusing on crushing a random object with my mind and as soon as I accomplish it all my friends will just shoot me down and then I wake up. Yesterday I went to my...
  5. I always loved having this'gift.' I suppose you'd call it a gift, ending up in a random persons dream and altering it completely was pretty entertaining. You know that feeling when you have a dream that involves someone you barely know? Where you feel you've become close to someone, but...
  6. now, as soon as I went in, I felt weird. It felt different. It felt, you know, clearer somehow. You know how I said dreamwalking is like watching a movie? It felt like this woman's dream movie was in a higher resolution than other dreams. In the dream, the woman...
  7. tual apartment in New York. Everything from my desk to my cat box is set up like I have it here, maybe I need a little more imagination. Oh well, I guess that just means I love where I am at! There was one weird moment when I was walking...
  8. It was very early on a Tuesday morning when the first dream was had. Google Analytics reveals that after the very first one, thousands of people in dozens of cities around the world had the same dream. Across the globe, people were waking from deep sleep, troubled by what they...
  9. I awake from my restless sleep. I know I was dreaming, and that it was a horrible dream, but the details evade me. All I remember is being chased by someone through the cold forest. I don't know what led up to that, or if I had anyone with me,...
  10. reason, I didn't wake. I might try that lucid dreaming thing, actually.'' The faceless woman managed to look troubled, or perhaps it was just a feeling. Her appearance was completely unchanged. Aren't you going to wake up?'' No thank you.'' I strolled out of the aisle and onto the beach...
  11. od for you.'' She snapped. Her voice muffled by something. The dream isn't always the same as I thought it was. There's always one thing different.'' He told her. Go away.'' She responded. No. The people. In the dream. The people I end up being trapped with in the top...
  12. actually shutting down. I think about one thing and another, drifting aimlessly. Then the show starts. REM stage begins. I'm in a room that looks like an amalgam of numerous rooms I've known throughout my life, but there's a faint awareness picking at the back of my mind that says...
  13. Tucker woke up with cold sweat running down his back. He had just dreamed that he was in a car crash, and it was a terrifying dream. He was trying to calm himself by taking deep breath when he noticed something : He lacked the raspy throat he used to...
  14. it even real? Am I still dreaming?' Suddenly you stop feeling the touch of her wet lips on your chest and her heavy breathing. You stop feeling the tenderness of her skin on your palm which you just had a moment ago as you held her breast. Now all you...
  15. Dream Journal Log 2312 11.28.11 I attained lucidity after I realized that I felt no air when I was falling toward a certain demise. I quickly did a reality check and floated up to safety. Alright, this has to be the time to do it'' I mumbled to myself. I...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 183] — 463 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. he would still be asleep. The lazy ass would always sleep late, giving me at least a brief respite from his insane demeanor in the mornings. I found the thought sickeningly funny, could there actually be a behavior of his that I found worthy of praise? No, not when the...
  2. He descended the flight of stairs connecting the 1st and 2nd floor of the school building. No one else was using the stairs but he can hear the echo of the people laughing at the auditorium located a good distance from the flight of stairs. He went to his locker,...
  3. . I zip down the hall and through the other door and. find myself back in the same hall. I know it's the same one, because the numbers are the same. It could be poor planning on the part of property management, I don't hold them in the highest regard...
  4. Rod lifted the duvet from his head and pushed himself upright. Hunched Rod sat on an ikea bed its side had been repaired with bands and filler. The bed had an extra fifth leg had been placed below the enormous crack in the bed frame underneath where Rod now sat....
  5. estured at our grubby, not to mention empty, little apartment room. I had to do it. I just couldn't spend another minute holed up in here.'' It made sense, so I nodded. I too had been craving the feel of wind on my shoulders and rain in my hair. She...
  6. The world was a blur of darkness. Heavy lids shielded my eyes from the waking world. Another trio of bangs on the front door. The haze of of the weary obstructed the display of the clock on the end table, but I didn't need to see it to know it...
  7. I see him everywhere. Watching me. Never for very long though, I always duck out of sight just as he appears. I never see him follow me, I don't know how he does it, but he always appears. I see him staring at me from outside my windows at home,...
  8. say anything - we both knew that I shouldn t do it. But something was drawing me towards that door. More and more each day, my curiosity grew. What was down there? Why couldn t I know? I didn t open the door that morning. I went back to my...
  9. The following is a translation of Kramer's Wer laeutet drauszen an der Tuer?''. It was written in 1938, and I always found it chilling in a very subtle way that isn't apparent in the used vocabulary or the banality of the situations described. I have not written this, merely translated....
  10. I've always enjoyed the somber night shifts. Nothing but the company of my thoughts and the other nocturnal forest creatures. I still get letters from my wife asking why I left. If only she could see, then she would understand. Anyway I have to be out here, whether it's a...
  11. k came it flew to a shelf, as if it belonged to the library. But it began to fade. He noticed and armoire that had had a broken hinge vanish suddenly in front of him. As thing began to fix themselves, the vanished into thin air. Suddenly whole swaths of...
  12. He froze as the sound echoed through the dusty hallways. Thin shafts of solid light held the particles mid-dance as they drifted through the dry, warm air. Nearer the door, faint air currents spun it into soft whirlwinds, small flecks of peeling paint falling to the floor. He sat motionless,...
  13. loaked the hardwood floors. Kent scratched his head as he walked through his hallway and up to his bathroom. His pale hand felt the chilling metal of the doorknob, but it was locked. Hey, you in there? He spoke quietly, his voice timid and uninteresting. Truthfully, he didn t want...
  14. y well furnished. The guy must have been rich. I tapped on the window. The man didn't move. I wasn't sure what to do at this point. Maybe the man just didn't want to be disturbed, and I should leave at once. But the scream I heard was definitely a...
  15. a few times and knew it would not move. DAD had told her as much, but she had needed to try it herself. Finally, when she was nine, Diane had run up to it, jumped and put all of her weight on it. The handle had bent a small amount,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 184] — 11307 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. y. He seemed so nice at the bar, paid for me and everything. A real gentleman.'' But he hit you, didn't he.'' John said. Margarete didn't answer. He continued to clean in silence. You can't just. it wasn't his fault, Ok? He was drunk!'' She finally snapped. Who the hell...
  2. ing room was a staircase that led to the upper floor. The hallway above shone with stronger light. I climbed the carpeted stairs and heard the sounds of voices. Jane and Jake's voices. I stalked towards the voices and the light. I peered into the room which the sound and...
  3. Are you ignoring me?'' He slammed the door of his locker open, shrugging off his body armour. The metal plates clanked against the metal hooks at the back of the locker, locking into place. He ran a hand through his hair, retrieving a pack of cigarettes from a shelf inside....
  4. Eli stamped snow off his boots as he walked up the path, coat huddled around him in the cold night air. This better be important,'' he muttered, reaching his neighbours' back door and knocking. A hiss of voices, and moment later the door was snatched open. Come in, quick!'' Angela...
  5. PART ONE Okay, how about that one? What, the old woman? Jesus Christ, Janey, we re thieves, not bastards. She looks so fucking old. Jane turned toward him in her seat. Yeah, my point exactly. She s helpless. And she s probably gon na die soon, anyway, so, really, stealing...
  6. his lap, the kid turned around and grinned at J, his smile so innocent and pure, J wanted to melt. Hello, mister. I m Lukas. Unc Mark s been looking over at you for a while so I thought I say hi. J didn t know how to respond. He...
  7. No, no, no, you need to get away from him! Jim screamed at the television, frantically waving his arms. But, I love him! a soft spoken, smoky alto replied, emanating from the direction of the entertainment box Jim had spent the last half hour enjoying. You don t get it!...
  8. lls out of him uncontrollably. He buries his face in his hands. Thank God! For the first time in a long time, Evan imagines he can hear himself think. Hey. Hey. Don t you think you should call someone? Why? Everything s fine. Those crazy kids finally worked it out....
  9. Why don't you come? There's so much to see!'' I beckoned to Sam with my face full of glee. Out window he called, on this bright Sunday noon. Oh Theodore, you know I can't come so soon!'' But Sam, I implore you why not? The weather is nice, and the...
  10. day. Lindsey turned back to Sam.'Ready, batch?' Neither had any books, papers, or backpacks to speak of, and Mr. Simmons was legendary for his impenetrable naps, so their escape was easy enough. Lindsey drove a'91 yellow convertible, her sixteenth birthday present. Within fifteen minutes they were strolling down Sunshine Shopping...
  11. prints. Goddammit, Celia, answer your fucking phone!'' screamed Sam. Leaving a slew of honking, outraged motorists in her wake, she bullied her way through traffic, cutting and slashing a path. Finally she was north on Bakerview Drive, climbing the long hill to her old house. Due to her age and...
  12. re covered in a dotted afterthought. Please, Joe, I need your help!'' Joe stood up, slowly, letting her see his hand on his pistol. What does the Goddess Livia need with me?'' W-who?'' said the woman. Livia. Never let that accent fade, you incompetent dame. 6 What do you want...
  13. Miguel 521 : Erm. Uh-Today I-uh. cough Hehe sorry about that. I'm kinda nervous. Umm. As I was saying our uh-meeting is a-about.'' Miguel 22 : Oh my God, 45! I'm so embarrassed for 521. He's killing himself out there.'' Miguel 45 : Dammit it's making me cringe! How do...
  14. I m telling you it was an accident! George wailed his hands in the air profusely. Oh you just happened to pick up a knife and stab me in the back of my neck! No, I accidentally dropped it I just wanted to talk to you. I thought I could...
  15. lab, who was happily trying to lick her face. He considered his options, and heard his inner voice offer a solution. Throw it in the fire tonight. She can't prove you stole it. His mind set, Dag walked over to his fireplace in the living room and flicked the necklace...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 185] — 358 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I was covered in sweat as I neared the peak of the mountainside. As nervous as I was when I started my way up, at this point all I care about is getting this damn suit of armor off. Seventy five pounds doesn't seem quite so heavy when you're messing...
  2. yes and took a deep breath, lowering the clang to his side. He opened his eyes, and once again the rock wall was where it belonged. The clang hadn t moved him, or the wall, but it had made him see the wall much closer. Remembering Marva, Roose decided to...
  3. it. Tonight, his first night of freedom, would have to be spent under one of these. The sun had already started to set and a storm was coming up fast on the horizon. Bastian gathered as much firewood as he could and took shelter in one of the broken ship...
  4. I dismounted my horse, my worn boots crunched the Earth, a piece of rock wedged into the remaining plastic molding. The air was still with snowflake sized particles of dust. In the distance it howled through the cavernous mountains. I walked forward, removing my goggles and helmet, before feeding my...
  5. rm last week, and we won't have any more coming for a few days. Our only remaining options lie with this glorious Sun Camel or this less glorious servant. My back begs of you to choose the former.'' Without waiting for a response, Ollie grabbed a rope trailing down the...
  6. ts descent, and I wanted to set up my little makeshift shelter while I still had a touch of light. I took a deep breath while trying to decide where exactly I wanted to enter the forest and found my stuffy nose filled with the most inviting scent : smoke....
  7. ome on, let s go. What were you before? You look like you were rich. I was a beaurocrat, and no, I wasn t rich. Somewhere I hear a dog barking and a bolt of genuine terror travels from my feet up to my brain. A human voice yells in...
  8. , and it was slow. Not fresh, but maybe a year or two old. John kept moving, aware of it somewhere behind him. The river was more important than a single ghoul. Graaaaaaah!'' Another had joined in the chase, stumbling along near its comrade, but he didn't waste his time....
  9. Day 62 Scout Lucas Brentwood Lucas placed his left foot on the bark of the tree before he grabbed the two closest branches. He took a deep breath before hauling himself upwards and placing his right foot on the closest gap. He started to climb, checking each branch before he...
  10. abandoned only hours earlier, but he knew his short, pained steps would never catch this fellow traveler, if indeed there was a fellow traveler. He had thought many times about stopping his long trek, or turning around and heading back from whence he came. The wordless temptation to go back,...
  11. It was a subtle shift. I didn t see it so much as feel it. The forest didn t get darker, merely got heavier, the silence, deeper. Night fell. There was no wind. How could there be? The trees were monolithic. Each trunk was twice as thick again as I...
  12. ue, for he found a small oasis not far from where he had been riding. He slaked his thirst in the aqua water and rested under the shade of the trees. In the morning, he found delicate red berries growing thick in the leaves of a plentiful bush and Iwao...
  13. siderably. The treeline came to meet him, running parallel with the trodden path as he went further on. The light was dimming overhead and the moon was in full effect now. He slowed his pace some and his spirits were high at the aspect of reuniting with his friends. Soon...
  14. f into the forest following a small trail just barely worn to a thin dirt path. He was the only one who ever went that direction and he knew it well, even with a moonless night he could navigate it with ease. A few miles of trekking through the trees,...
  15. n I cooked it.'' But how?'' The smiling man shrugged. His pale skin grew brighter as the sun set deeper into the distant horizon. You never answered my question.'' Ar-Hazem shot him a quizzical look. Are you enjoying my kingdom?'' Ar-Hazem truly observed where he was for the first time....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 186] — 969 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. We have found 469 graves in the graveyard of Einselt. This graveyard is up-to-date. An overview of the graves in this graveyard: Sort by Name Price  Name  Odds Name: Einselt Game: Elder Scrolls Online Races: Nord, Dunmer
  2. The UESPWiki  Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Molag Bal is an Oblivion archdemon native to the Plane of Coldharbour. He is also one of the main antagonists of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim: Dragonborn. Notes  edit
  3. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Sulvani Sulvani is a Nord necromancer who resides in Winterhold, at the top of Nelacar's Burial Chambers. She has been known to create powerful items out of animal parts and other raw materials and to enchant them. Sulvani is the...
  4. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 This page is currently being redesigned for the Lore Places Project LPP. The page may need work to meet the standards outlined on the project page. Dagoth Gares Dagoth Gares is a Dunmer warlord of the Chimer army that served...
  5. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 This page is currently being redesigned for the Lore Places Project LPP. The page may need work to meet the standards outlined on the project page. Elden Root, an ancient Nord settlement Elden Root is a settlement in northeastern Skyrim,...
  6. As it always has done, The Elder Scrolls Online recently released a new batch of information on the new Tribunal expansion and the game's final boss, the Daedric Prince Boethiah. The information has been mostly the same for the past week or so, but the official Zenimax Twitter account has...
  7. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 The Blackwood Company The Blackwood Company is the name of a group of thieves operating in the southern reaches of Skyrim. They mostly operate in the province of Markarth. As they do not actually rob any treasure, they are still...
  8. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Valkyn Skoria dawnguard Home City Hearthfire Location Valkyn Skoria Gender Female Level PC1 12 years Class Warrior RefID xx 00ac8a BaseID xx 00ac89 Other Information Health 50 Magicka 50 Stamina 50 Class Details CombatWarrior1H Morality No Crime Aggression Unaggressive Factions...
  9. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Corku in Skyrim Corku is a Nord mercenary whose specialty is melee combat. He is a member of the Khajiit clan who is loyal to J'zargo, the last khajiit leader. He wears a set of hide armor with matching pants...
  10. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 This article could benefit from an image. Please upload a relevant image and try to improve the article, then remove the existing image. For the enemy from Oblivion, see Shadr Sithis is the last surviving Dark Anchor, buried in the...
  11. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Overview A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Cabal is an organization of alchemists, arcane enchanters, and magic-users, who seek to...
  12. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 The Temple of Kynareth The Temple of Kynareth, also known as the Kynareth Chapel, is a sacred Nordic Shrine located on an island off the southern coast of Skyrim. The chapel serves as Kynareth's Temple of the One, the center...
  13. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Sulik Sulik is an Orc that serves as the general of Fort Blueblood, as well as being a personal guard for the Dragonborn. He wears a set of steel plate chest armor, and carries a steel dagger to defend himself....
  14. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Farengar of the Nine-to-Five,1 sometimes known as "Farengar", is a high-ranking member of the Blades of the Nine. He was formerly in the service of the late Archmaester Marobar Sul,2 and was a member of the council of five prior...
  15. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 This place page is currently being rewritten as part of the Morrowind Overhaul Project. The page is being rewritten and checked in several stages. All users are welcome to make changes to the page. If you make a change that...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 187] — 229 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. ast statement, though some were loath to admit it. Great Zeus, what say you?'' asked Hermes. Will you grant his request?'' Zeus sat with his arms folded in the center of the Great Hall. He huffed to himself. I am not in the habit of being punched by humans. It...
  2. Dionysus adjusted quickly. Really he was just about people getting hammered and having a good time. Beer, liquor, wine - it was all good, really, and since just starting the night with a Hail Dionysus!'' guaranteed a good time that night with a god's blessing, he became very popular indeed....
  3. er just in time to duck into a small cave. It took over an hour for the water to pass, but he was protected. When he ventured out, the mountainside was littered with dying fish, seaweed and one very confused shark. Hera tutted as she watched the water flow away...
  4. to the gates himself only to find two other people looking mildly frustrated at the gates themselves. Now what's all the commotion over here for? Y'all just got ta chill and let the man decide.'' Entered Snoop, assuming he'd missed something and only wanted to calm the situation down. Oh...
  5. So, this is not like the time daddy wanted to eat you, because I am not getting dressed up to see a rock nailed to a tree.'' The woman speaking leaned in to take the serving plate from where it had been left near Dionysus. Demeter clasped Zeus' arm in...
  6. Poseidon, is that you?'' A previously tall, old man pushed around his walker carefully. His once deep blue eyes were now milky white from the cataracts he contracted about 500 years ago. A kind nurse carefully approaches Poseidon, who is well known throughout the community for his terrible outbursts. Poseidon,...
  7. ould not suffice. No matter the price, I shall pay your debt.'' Thank you, almighty Zeus! I am humbled by your generosity!'' So tell me, mortal : to what amount do you owe?'' Well. Forgive me, O powerful Zeus, but I must ask that you come with me to Earth...
  8. I looked down at my drink of nectar. It somehow did not look as appetizing as it did when I was mortal. The thought struck pretty hard that I was no longer mortal. Dionysus slapping my back, congrats me bucko. I looked down at the spill on my now dirty...
  9. She could see him eye Allah as if he wanted to jump over the table and throttle him so she snapped her fingers. Hermes! Last meetings minutes, please.'' Her words could barely be heard over the commotion in the meeting room but Hermes was at her side nearly immediately with...
  10. smus pushed himself out of the chair, his knees cracking loudly in the process, to the disgust of a nearby Goddess. Dinosmus blushed and hurried along. He followed the woman into a nearby room. A perfectly chiselled God in a white shawl sat next to a petite brunette Goddess in...
  11. trary, we are a family of gods that act as a police force in the Pantheon of Gods. Quite a grand title, but it gets tiring, theres only so many times you can stop Zeus from brutalizing Thor, only so many times you can get between Odin and the Christian...
  12. rrent situation or recent passing.'' The other gods around the room had similar arrangements of various people, mostly individuals or small groups. Sitting to one side of the Norse gods were who I presumed to be Zeus and Hades, and next to them were their Roman counterparts Jupiter and Pluto....
  13. dropcap Hail to you,'' shouted the man from the base of Mount Olympus, and a very good morning, Hermes, God of Travel and Communication!'' Hermes was seated upon a large outcropping of stone at half the mountain's height, sunning himself in the midst of a warm summer morning. At his...
  14. shored up the defenses of Eden and decided that playing Switzerland might work out well for him. After all, whoever was left could easily be taken down by him, or so he assured himself. The war was long and bloody. The freeing of the Titans from Tartarus by Huehuecoyotl caused...
  15. . I could have rammed into a wall and kept the death count to 1. But no, I rammed my car into that bitch of my girlfriend and her fucking driver she left me for.'' Brahma's four heads replied in unison. Don't get carried away boy, this is a court...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 188] — 2431 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. his world? rcute and raww was a wasteland of depravity, the very thing that aroused her sadistic side. rworldnews and rnews were very useful in planning. This one named Trump was excellent. A partnership with him would aid her in conquering this world. But this woman Clinton -- that very...
  2. raduate. Guardians and Corrupters have a very antagonistic relationship. If you were ever going to ditch the job and wallow in eternal self-indulgement you definitely didn't want the typical partner to crimp your style! A chance meeting with Kane over beer then the expected drunken heart to heart disclosed both...
  3. it's those damn eyes'' Zephon muttered to himself. Those damn emerald eyes, and that fiery hair. He looked around warily, making sure no other passing angels heard what he had said. There weren't many around. guardian angels were rare these days, mostly because of the massive modern population. God was...
  4. ounds like a good candidate.'' Right? Lucifer s been pining for his arrival for the last twenty years. He was excited, and you know about Lucifer'' Not much excites him.'' Exactly.'' So what happened?'' Well he died, painfully I might add. Hit by a truck after his car broke down...
  5. ped playing and looked up at me. You don't have to stay. Door out is that way. Lo and behold there was a actual door ringed in blue fire and emitting a bright warming light. I was drawn to it like a moth to flame, but I like to make...
  6. My name is Michael. And now you know the truth. Step out of my way, and let me cleanse this filth from this world.'' The angel, Christ, a fucking angel, was so. animalistic. He towered over me, large brows furrowed, muscles bulging, a predator ready to pounce. There was something...
  7. g Jacob's knife from its place in the table. The angel merely glared at her, though he was more surprised than angry. Her entire aura had shifted dramatically within a fraction of a second. Don't bother lying, I know you are. The burns on your back- two slits that perfectly...
  8. Don LaFontaine narrating Hell used to be a place for torment. Lonnie, stock footage from all the big Hollywood representations of Hell here. The more big-name stars still living you can insert, the better But times have changed, and so has Hell. George Lucas-style wipe here from stock footage to...
  9. Let's see if we can't lighten up this burnt ochre with a splash of guano, bring the color up a bit,'' said the oddly pleasant man to his tormentor. Is this pretty close to how you remember it? I wish we had more blue, but we just work with what...
  10. Caillou, imp assistant to the ruler of Hell, consulted his clipboard. He hated Monday meetings. It appears that our weekly shipment has been delayed again,'' he said deferentially to the woman sitting on the stone throne in front of him. Katrina Albritton leaned forward, one hand under her chin. So...
  11. You can not escape me. Cancer you say? No, more like an incorrect mutation of a single cell. I can do this. I will do this and I have done this. Sometimes I strike as a clot in your heart, but deep down you know it was me all along....
  12. oper british accent. Didn t expect that one. The last demon sounded like he was from Pittsburgh. Even called us yinz. . Well. I said. I was wondering. Is it true that if my partner and I agree that we are friends, then we can go to heaven? Quite right,...
  13. Dear Steve : I haven't always done the right thing. And technically- under the G.A. code- sending you this message is'wrong' but I'd like to fess up before they clip my wings. At least I won't have this on my conscience. Well, here goes. You see, Steven Atticus Walsh, some...
  14. Started this last night, then half way through my friend came over. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Everything comes with a price, especially progress. Satan learned this many years ago when an intriguing notion was given. Instead of physically torturing the sinners,...
  15. They thought sending me to hell would finally kill me. They were wrong. Instead, I toppled Satan himself. Rose to become the Big Man on the Big Chair. The Wrath of God hanging over me and three small rebellions later, here I sit. Still King of Hell. It's been six...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 189] — 342 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Previous Chapter Table of Contents Next Chapter Chapter 165: Do You Want More Burdened 1 Han Yunxi finally decided to send Long Feiye a message. She quickly wrote the words, "To Grand Concubine Yi. Grand Concubine Yi must get along with me. If you don't, they'll get a bit bored...
  2. Previous Chapter Index Next Chapter Book 12 Qin Yu Chapter 61 The Old Friends Translated by: Pumpkin Edited by: Phillip Immortal Realm, Plate Roe Starfield, Jade Wave Star. On the Crescent Moon Bay. Qin Yu was currently chatting with granny Yin Hua. Granny Yin Hua carefully took a couple glances...
  3. Chen Yunsheng and his disciples, along with his wife Liu Han and three kids, were taking a taxi back to their hotel after participating in the Grand Examination. Chen Yunsheng thought of how he first met the Holy Maiden, the Holy Maiden of the south, Holy Maiden Peak here. This...
  4. Previous Chapter Table of Contents Next Chapter Transmigrator Meets Reincarnator Chapter 131: Three Faced 2 This chapter has been stolen from volarenovels. Please read from the original source! "Brother Wang, is this the place?" Tang Yuan's face showed that he couldn't believe his ears. "Did you come to see something...
  5. Miao Yi casually said, "We can't go to the left, and we can't go to the right. So what are you all proposing we should do?" Wang Zifa cupped his fists and said, "Cave Master, I might have a way to pull Senior Brother Zheng under our banner, I only...
  6. Xiao Chen's past two years of achievement was very unusual. His spiritual area had already reached Historia's Fifth Celestial Layer, yet his physical power stalled at the Third Celestial Layer all this while. Seemingly because he absorbed the essence of the leyline, which caused him to progress at breakneck speed,...
  7. Previous Chapter Table of Contents Next Chapter A Letter From You Chapter 21: How will things go on after this? "This old man's heart is moved. He has taken care of you for so long. I have never felt this way about a single person in my life. It's all...
  8. A row of us along with some soldiers are hurrying to the fortified mountain. At this moment, present in front of my face are two boxes of chests and it is giving me headache for these big chests are the most difficult to be dealt with. "Where is master? My...
  9. Shen Yin Wang Zuo, Chapter 320: The God's Will II The white-robed youth saw Suo Jia's gaze, and he hastily moved to block Suo Jia's path! Suo Jia coldly pulled back at the youth in front of him. At the same time, the white-robed youth suddenly stopped and turned around,...
  10. Previous Chapter Table of Contents Next Chapter Chapter 8: A little too late! On the surface, the fact that Qin Yin had gotten back to the Mansion was pretty good news. Now that her injuries had not become a problem, she could probably just sit back at home and rest....
  11. Previous Chapter Table of Contents Next Chapter Chapter 7: My name is Yang "Who are you?" The owner of that voice was none other than the same white-robed man who held the little loli in his arms. He quickly looked at the girl before him; with an expression filled with...
  12. "You're the last one there?" A young woman with the same expression that she had two minutes ago, and who also had the same expression as I had a little while ago, showed a smile that was a little too intense Her name was Yue Ying. She was also my...
  13. This is the eighth and last of one thousand chapters. Chapter 712 Killing the God Translated by: want2eat Edited by: Calamity, and Rango TLCed by: Calamity, and Rango Previous Chapter Next Chapter Please do not host these chapters elsewhere without permission. After the battle against the Heaven Amplification Trading Company's...
  14. Chapter 428 - Granting Shining Light Translated by: Hypersheep325 Edited by: Michyrr The person who had come was Prince Chen Liu, the Chen clan's sole representative in the capital, and also the only member of its junior generation that the Divine Empress would accept. In the capital, Prince Chen Liu...
  15. Previous Chapter Next Chapter Chapter 353: "I'm Here Now 2" Moving like a streak of lightning, a flash brought a strong gust of wind into the Phoenix Academy. Jun Wu Yao followed the trail of Jun Wu Xie's lingering essence and came to a courtyard. In the courtyard, a tall...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 190] — 642 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Sterling Archer comes to Hogwarts Holy shit, where is this place? Wherever it is, burp you must not believe in central air, it s as stale as a, as uhhhh, as uh dried out. quiche, do you guys eat quiche? Or has that not been invented in whatever century you...
  2. ts that held off the Dark Lord. Everyone knew it was at Hogwarts that. Voldemort. died. No shadow could be cast over the terrace, it was enchanted to high noon, a perfect bubble of perfect time on this perfect place they called a school. The sensation of a shadow crept...
  3. ell silent as they heard the sound of a lighter being sparked. The flickering flame illuminated a previously darkened corner of the room, and lit up the worn face of a man that would probably scare the hell out of the students with even one tale of his life. Hullo,...
  4. Ron. Ron was next, the shock of preparing to shield against whatever threat is thrown at him one moment, only to have his father appear right in front of him facing away from the fight and finally to be covered by the exploded remains of said father mere moments later...
  5. How much longer do I got ta do these stupid newbie induction ceremonies?'' Like I said, Logan'' replied Storm. This is punishment for what you did in Manhattan last week. You're on induction duty for the rest of this month.'' Wolverine groaned. Can't you just get Hisako to do it?''...
  6. en one to cry, but : Fuck.'' he sniffled, and his voice was higher than it should have been. Someone has done something to me, he snarled mentally. The thought came instantly, and the only feasible magical reason that wasn't the darkest of magic was Polyjuice potion. Something he'd made...
  7. Joe-Kerr'' said professor snaps, whom had been put in charge of sorting this year. The boy came up from the line an sat in the chair. This boy had a very troubled childhood and his father had damaged his face. Even though he displayed very limited magical potential his father...
  8. Obama, Ludwig van Beethoven, Adolf Hitler, Leonardo da Vinci, and countless others. If you know their name, I probably taught them their trade. You will become world-renowned and likely incredibly wealthy, I promise you that. Wait, Chuck said, leaning forward again and staring at the wrinkled face of the wizard,...
  9. shook his head. 'Nevermind the wand. Hit me with a curse. Go on, give us yer best shot.' 'I don't know,' said Ron, looking doubtful. 'Do it,' snapped Constantine. Ron hesitated a moment longer, then aimed his wand square at the new teacher. 'Impedimenta!' Ron got the word right, Harry...
  10. i'AM YOUR NEW DEFENSE AGAINST THE ARTS PROOOOFESSSOR! exclaimed Professor Scott as he entered the room in frenzied with wild eyes. As he said this he plunged a curved blade into a painting and proceeded to tear it apart.'See class the best defense is a good offense'', I just saved...
  11. 't speak again. I'm teaching you a bit of this, a bit of that'', Tony said, finally. Defense Against whatever. What Professor McGonagall told you, you can forget. I talked to him and --'' Professor McGonagall is a woman'', Her-hermione said, between her teeth. I'm going to have to ask...
  12. Professor Swanson.'' McGonagall shrieked as she pounded against the ash door that he had replaced the previous headmaster's gryphon statue with, Professor Swanson.'' Yes?'' Ron asked as he lazily pulled himself down the stairs. McGonagall's eyes drifted down to his waist and then back up to his moustache. Could you...
  13. The Hogwarts team captain, a quite large Gryffindor Beater bearing the renowned Longbottom name emblazoned across his robe, called a timeout to regroup. The rest of his team huddled around him, leaning against each other for support. Having a Beater as captain usually meant a very physical, fast-paced game, but...
  14. Harry had the opportunity to drop into Hogwarts to visit Neville, on a matter that was mildly related to work. It was just enough of an excuse to justify the trip. Once the official purpose was completed, and the more social aspects were underway, Harry was given the grand tour....
  15. There was never any doubt that he'd be a good man. To the boy from the streets on his first day at Hogwarts he was just like anyone else in his class. A boy with dreams. And a dream to help heal those that he'd been forced to fight for....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 191] — 3690 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Findors Ridge was now completely silent, only broken by Wogganthir s snores. The smell of feces becoming more and more overpowering as the seconds ticked by. Wogganthir in a slumped position robe was now undressed, the inside of his legs both a green shade of brown. Chancellor, have you been...
  2. Many many years ago, there lived a great hero named Dragius Gloryforce. Actually my name is Dinkleberg McNeighbor.'' Dinkleberg rode atop a great horse and carried a legendary sword, Steelsong it's name. Of this sword he spoke only two words : Rubber Chicken'' The insolent hero rode forth to fight...
  3. here are many terrors in the mines, and so dwarves have experience locking them away. And, also, there are plenty of creatures that feed off magical energy - I would recommend a djinn, as they are by far the most controllable. I can take care of all of this, and...
  4. hing to fear. But when it comes in the form of such a young boy?'' Kirul nodded. We must watch him closely. His loyalty is with you, your Highness. As long as it remains that way, you will soon have a very powerful ally on your side.'' But Gerun's eyes...
  5. Wait'', Marcus muttered, looking at his reflection from the sword on his hand. Gilana looked up, concern marring her beautiful elven face. Why are we trying to beat him at his own game?'' It had been nearly six months since the evil wizard Iki-Räkä had broken through the barriers of...
  6. Is the son of the green knight present?'' Green knight?'' came as reply. Forgive me, where are my manners,'' the man spoke. My name is Greaneth, and I'm a wizard from Margorth.'' He paused, stroked his grey beard, and continued. I'm looking for the son of one whom I only...
  7. Planchet cowered behind the corpse of his lord's Destrier, eyes closed and fingers in his ears, hoping above all else that he could avoid detection. He did however make sure that his rump protruded over the body by a good few inches. Just enough so that the Sorcerer's arc-lightning caught...
  8. find one, either. Need a spot of fun for the village?'' I took off a glove and rubbed the bridge of my nose. This is going to be a pain. That's a pity. I need help, and I was told that a witch here could help me.'' Welp, you're just...
  9. pped my sister Gwen and is holding her at the top of the highest spire,'' she motioned to a crooked, black tower scraping the clouds. We need to get up there and get her out safely,'' she said confidently, the crowd murmuring softly. And just know, The Evil Overlord's legendary...
  10. This is it. Our final battle.'' Rogan stared up at the massive doors in front of us. Whatever happens, I'm proud that you all stood by me this whole way.'' He pushed hard on the doors and they swung open. Inside, the heroes saw the Lord of Chaos looming over...
  11. e no thy most blessed and sacred body.'' Aight then, piss off mate.'' I stared at the dragon with a blank expression for a moment. The dragon began to laugh. I began to laugh. The court began to laugh. The subject's began to laugh. Gerald in the other room began...
  12. AN : It was supposed to be something along the prompt's theme, but as usual for me, I became sidetracked. Sigh. Enjoy, nonetheless! Should I even be here?'' asked the scrawny girl all dressed in long silky white, looking at the ground while she walked. Of course, you're the cleric,...
  13. s commander, Sir George, stand up and quickly followed suit. Once all Knights had risen to attention, Sir George addressed his men. All right men, we all know what we have to do. Kill the dragon, save the girl. We all know the drill. But, I that does not excuse...
  14. ,'' growled Gerun. Moreth is fallen,'' said Beytho flatly. He could raise it up again!'' shouted Gerun. His power seems nearly limitless. The masters say they have never seen anything like it.'' So what do you suggest?'' Gerun closed his eyes. We must set things back to right. I was...
  15. at loyal arse he is, would never allow you to be hurt. It would sooner allow itself to collide with the end of a spear before wanting to buck you. So, I was enjoying the gallop towards the Castle of Baron Drake. My chest may have been thumping relentlessly, anxious...
------------------------------