Run 1 
Parametri: {'min_cluster_size': 300, 'min_samples': 30}
DBCV Score: 0.4603 | Cluster: 121 | Noise: 31.25%
==================================================

[CLUSTER 0] — 322 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. It took us a thousand years after we first got the message. One thousand years of scientific study and engineering breakthroughs. The first hundred years was us trying to deny the message. We sent out probes, only to have them destroyed as soon as they traveled exactly two light years...
  2. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for B, who likes Basic, pink items and dislikes Official items. Best Gifts for B: Basic, pink items The following items have B's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 beaded shirt top purple black...
  3. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Jack, who likes Iconic, purple items and dislikes Sporty items. Best Gifts for Jack: Iconic, purple items The following items have Jack's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 a tee top blue white...
  4. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Tom, who likes Iconic, yellow items and dislikes Sporty items. Best Gifts for Tom: Iconic, yellow items The following items have Tom's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 armor suit top yellow yellow...
  5. justBOBBI shops will feature merchandise ranging from wellness and beauty products to apparel and accessories that reflect her unique aesthetic and holistic lifestyle. Designed to give customers a 360-degree view of Bobbi's life, the concept shops will highlight her everyday wardrobe essentials such as Hudson denim, Giles and Brother accessories,...
  6. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Shaggy, who likes Sporty, Blue items and dislikes Rock items. Best Gifts for Shaggy: Sporty, Blue items The following items have Shaggy's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 blue tartan shirt top blue...
  7. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Stinky, who likes Ornate, blue items and dislikes Iconic items. Best Gifts for Stinky: Ornate, blue items The following items have Stinky's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 blue flannel shirt top blue...
  8. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Tonto, who likes Historical, white items and dislikes CuteFancy items. Best Gifts for Tonto: Historical, white items The following items have Tonto's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 camouflage jacket top beige brown...
  9. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Phoebe, who likes Sporty, dark items and dislikes CuteFancy items. Best Gifts for Phoebe: Sporty, dark items The following items have Phoebe's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 baseball shirt top red white...
  10. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Tippy, who likes Iconic, gray items and dislikes Rock items. Best Gifts for Tippy: Iconic, gray items The following items have Tippy's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 tartan polka shirt top colorful...
  11. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Fauna, who likes Basic, black items and dislikes Ornate items. Best Gifts for Fauna: Basic, black items The following items have Fauna's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 bad plaid shirt top yellow...
  12. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Eirynn, who likes Ornate, blue items and dislikes Basic items. Best Gifts for Eirynn: Ornate, blue items The following items have Eirynn's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 a tee top blue white...
  13. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Jabba the Hutt, who likes Basic, Firecrackers, and Rockettes. Best Gifts for Jabba the Hutt: Basic, Firecrackers, and Rockettes: Jabba's favorite items from The Force Awakens. Basic, Firecrackers, and Rockettes: Jabba's favorite items from The Force Awakens.
  14. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Peony, who likes Modern, aqua items and dislikes Official items. Best Gifts for Peony: Modern, aqua items The following items have Peony's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 black-velvet tee top blue black...
  15. The following is a list of items that make good gifts for Tom, who likes Sporty, gray items and dislikes Sporty items. Best Gifts for Tom: Sporty, gray items The following items have Tom's favorite style and color. Name Type Name Color 1 Color 2 sports jacket top red white...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 1] — 621 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Here are some things to remember about the formatting of a resume: 1. Put the header at the top, make it a bit narrower, and put a solid background in the corner. 2. Use bullet points pairs to outline key features, and also use subheads for broader key features. 3....
  2. A resume should highlight your most impressive skills, qualifications, and experience, your accomplishments in your career, as well as give you the best chance to show off these skills and their achievements. You can also provide a resume specific to a job application, such as a resume for a potential...
  3. The basic elements of a good resume include: a clear and concise contact information section, a well-organized summary of your strongest qualifications, an outline of your work experience, education background, and any applicable certifications or licenses. Additionally, you may include a section detailing your relevant skills and competencies, an overview...
  4. Its great to see a resume that shows your skills, experience, and expertise, which can give you the greatest career growth. A good resume demonstrates skills, experience, and professional integrity. These skills are listed on a resume resume, and the resume shows them as present experience and other great skills....
  5. How To Create A Beautiful, Professional Website To Sell Your Products Online Step 1 Create A Resume Cover Letter Your resume doesn't have to be the exact same as other resumes, but your goal is to show you can do a job or service and that you are ready to...
  6. Once you know the key elements of a good resume, what would be good next? Do you want the outline on the resume to look good, or should there be some background information about that outline, or do you want the outline to be a different font than the background...
  7. Make sure to include pertinent information such as your job experience, educational background, and skills. 2 Use a professional, easy-to-read font such as Times New Roman or Arial. 3 Avoid using complex formatting and graphics that may distract from the content. 4 Keep the document concise but comprehensive, tailored to...
  8. A CV should include the following details: your contact information name, address, phone number, and email; a summary of your qualifications and work experience; details of relevant skills and abilities; information about your education and qualifications; a list of your professional references; and any awards or other recognition you've received.
  9. Of course! A resume should be attention-grabbing and should focus on the most important qualities and experiences you have to offer an employer. It should be tailored to the specific job and be kept relevant to the position applied for. You should also emphasize your key accomplishments and make sure...
  10. To make a resume for your first job, the important elements you should include are: 1 a brief summary of your qualifications and experience; 2 the contact information of your references; 3 your education history; 4 a description of any relevant certifications or awards; 5 a list of any relevant...
  11. Youd want to use specific keywords and phrases in the title, and some of them could be a mix of professional goals, personal goals, and the other goals of the recruiter. Youd want to include a description of all of the relevant skills and experience of your career goals, as...
  12. The primary purpose of a good CV is to demonstrate to employers your capabilities, skills, and talents. Your CV should stand out from others, and help you achieve professional goals.
  13. To make a good resume, you should include key information about your education, experience, and skills. Focus on your achievements and make sure your resume is easy to read and well organized. Be sure to include your contact information and make sure to proofread for grammar and spelling errors. Finally,...
  14. Dont be afraid to share your expertise: people love to share their skills, so its a great way to help build your resume. Just be careful: dont overstatingly tell people what youre a professional resu.d: people dont want to be called that, so use less than 10 examples. You dont...
  15. How do you want to use the resume? Would you like it to list specific skills your skills and qualifications, or do you just want it to contain a paragraph about what skills you have? Or do you want the resume to be shorter? Or do you want it to...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 2] — 463 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. S. 2265 113th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 113th Congress, which met from Jan 3, 2013 to...
  2. S. 693 113th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 113th Congress, which met from Jan 3, 2013 to...
  3. H.R. 4238 112th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 112th Congress, which met from Jan 5, 2011 to...
  4. H.R. 1119 108th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 108th Congress, which met from Jan 7, 2003 to...
  5. S. 2165 114th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 114th Congress, which met from Jan 6, 2015 to...
  6. S. 2941 114th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 114th Congress, which met from Jan 6, 2015 to...
  7. S. 726 114th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 114th Congress, which met from Jan 6, 2015 to...
  8. S. 3672 112th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 112th Congress, which met from Jan 5, 2011 to...
  9. H.R. 699 114th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 114th Congress, which met from Jan 6, 2015 to...
  10. H.R. 4697 111th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 111th Congress, which met from Jan 6, 2009 to...
  11. H.R. 1525 113th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 113th Congress, which met from Jan 3, 2013 to...
  12. H.R. 624 was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. How to cite this information. We recommend the following MLA-formatted citation when using the information you...
  13. H.R. 4799 113th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 113th Congress, which met from Jan 3, 2013 to...
  14. S. 1343 To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2740 East Alameda Avenue in the city of East Palo Alto, California, as the "Officer William P. J. Lewis, Jr., Post Office Building". IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. Leahy for himself, Mr. Cruz,...
  15. H.R. 614 114th was a bill in the United States Congress. A bill must be passed by both the House and Senate in identical form and then be signed by the President to become law. This bill was introduced in the 114th Congress, which met from Jan 6, 2015 to...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 3] — 385 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. A hurricane is a severe storm, such as a storm that isn't as well-formed, and it can also take over in the wild, without having someone's forces put in control. A typhoon is a serious storm, but it is a good outcome. They can die in the wild, as well,...
  2. A hurricane is a type of tropical cyclone that forms in the Atlantic Ocean and the Northeast Pacific Ocean, usually in the form of large thunderstorms. Tornadoes are violent rotating columns of air that form in the lower atmosphere and extend from the base of a thunderstorm or other clouds....
  3. Hurricanes are storms that arise from a tropical climate, which are known as "thedges" or "turkeys" and "warlets" or "guisies" and "gigis" is the same thing as "voodoo" and "viruses" and "virus" is the same thing as "chub" and "clam"? Tiredges are known for being very strong, powerful, and destructive,...
  4. A hurricane is a storm involving a storm which involves a large mass of rain and storm waves, the storm center being the most-widely-saturated area of these waves. 2 A tornado is a storm involving a large mass of rain and a small, central funnel, which is the most-widely-saturated area...
  5. . A hurricane is the storm associated with a larger weather system, including the Atlantic Ocean, which is known as the North Atlantic or North Pacific Ocean' according to the United States Department of Homeland Security, and consists of the Atlantic, the Western Hemisphere, and the Bay Island Expressway. 2....
  6. First its the largest hurricane in history on the Atlantic , spread over a 1000 miles ' s. Next , it 's going to strengthen rather than weaken as it changes to a cold storm and become a nor'easter , which typically creates blizzards over the us . It 's...
  7. Hurricanes and tornadoes that are destructive and destructive in a very serious way, but they can also be a severe weather phenomenon in addition to the disaster situation, such as thunderstorms and flooding. Are you talking about the Hurricane Maria hitting today, as well as the Puerto Rico? These are...
  8. I understand that you meant to ask about the comparative features between Atlantic storm phenomena like hurricanes and typhonies. In these features, Atlantic storm phenomena include: storms that produce winds with broad bands, severe storms and storm formation, and winds that destroy buildings and other property. In addition, these storms...
  9. -1, i-1.I would say i-1. He became a hurricane. 2-1, i-2.I would say i-2. He became a hurricane, and his name is.
  10. Hurricanes occur in the troposphere and can involve storm dynamics, but you may already have a basic understanding of that. A tornado is a particular spiral shaped storm cloud. If youre looking at a storm cloud in the troposphere, it might look like an oblong shape, with a triangle in...
  11. Hurricane and typhoon are two types of storm. A hurricane is a storm caused by a storm storm, called a hurricane, or a storm consisting of a wind caused by a storm, and possibly a storm formation or an organized system of wind called a hurricane service. A typhoon is...
  12. A hurricane is a powerful tropical cyclone with strong winds, heavy rain, and intense low pressure at its center. It can cause significant damage and disruption, especially when it makes landfall.
  13. A hurricane is a large, powerful storm caused by storm forces such as winds, storms, and rainfall, as well as waves, which eventually resulted in the storms damage. 2 A tornado is a smaller, deadly storm caused by the winds and storms, and usually resulting in more severe damage. The...
  14. Those are both names for storms that occur in a tropical area of the ocean. A hurricane may be a giant storm, like a giant tropical storm called a hurricane. A typhoon is a small storm that occurs in the tropics.
  15. ere's nothing I can do. I can't help you. We need you there. You must continue. 01010111 01101000 01100001 01110100 00111111 00100000 01001110 01101111 00100001 00100000 01010000 01101100 01100101 01100001 01110011 01100101 00100001 00100000 01001001 00100000 01110111 01100001 01101110 01110100 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01100011 01101111 01101101 01100101 00100000 01101000...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 4] — 443 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Are you a beginner? I know a few simple steps I could walk you through. Lets talk about how to get started. In order to learn how to play the banjo, we'll need to understand a few other things first. First, we need to be able to correctly learn basic...
  2. . You should be sure to practice every day. Practice a certain amount every week and see if you can improve. Also, you should be sure to learn the correct fingering for your style of playing. Finally, you should make sure you're always in the same position when you try...
  3. If your favorite band has broken up over the past 2 months a real possibility, and if you're still in the mood to try and play a concert, here's how you can play their songs. Note: You have to download any of those songs. You cannot just play the instrument...
  4. Choose an instrument that interests you. Think about what kind of music you like and the sound of the instrument. 2 Research the instrument you have chosen. Find out what kind of skills are required and what type of commitment is needed to learn it. 3 Find a teacher or...
  5. You can practice chords by drawing lines on a sheet of music. You can practice drawing various songs, until you become proficient. Here are some line drawing tutorials on YouTube:
  6. st tip: Pick a good song. Try to struts and chords, not just in a way that might hurt you, but also in a way thats easy for you to learn. If you play a lot, then try to play the same song over and over, until you get the...
  7. That makes a great question. I guess you want something? But something not meant to be? In a sense, a guitar is one of the four basic guitar types: a 6-string guitar, an 88-string guitar, and a 6-string guitar with an octay-face. Its a great choice for a beginner on...
  8. One of the best ways to develop an organized and effective practice routine is to learn jazz standards. Standards are a universal language you can use to communicate with other jazz musicians. Even if you haven't met those musicians before, you can still make music together. They're also the backbone...
  9. Start by researching the basics of music production. Look online for tutorials and walkthroughs on topics such as recording, mixing, sequencing and sequencing software. This will give you an overview of what's involved. 2 Once you have a grasp of the fundamentals, you can move on to experimenting with different...
  10. I was not thinking about this. I was thinking about you finding your guitar, and you wanted to find some song to practice along. But you also wanted to be able to how many songs, a music. So if you wanted to learn how many songs, how many songs, how...
  11. The best way to learn to play the banjo is to take lessons from an experienced teacher. You could also look for online tutorials and practice sessions to help guide you through the basics. Additionally, finding instructional materials such as books and videos as well as practicing regularly can also...
  12. Perhaps what you would want to look into is Guito techniques. Heres a list from Wikipedia: Guito Music in Latin "The music called guitar". The word for the instrument was "pis" "a little". "A guischa" was also called "a great guitar". In Spanish, a "pisado" was the "great guitar".
  13. You have some friends in your hometown who enjoy playing the banjo. There are lots of online resources that you could probably learn from. There are also lots of community-based resources, like clubs and bands that teach how to play the banjo. You might find one of those online resources...
  14. Tutorials The world's best guitar lessons on YouTube and in books for iPhone and iPad. We explain the best basics of playing guitar and guitar chords. We've got lots of fun things to learn at guitar camps, concerts. YouTube Guitar tutorials and lessons that cover the concepts of guitar, guitar...
  15. I have seen a lot of videos about the best tools for a musician. As a musician myself, I am biased. I love to learn and I feel like I know some of the best tools. Unfortunately these days I don't do one single thing. It's difficult making time for...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 5] — 2800 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Tokyo has once again become the center of a world-wobbling virtual financial crisis. Let me emphasize the word virtual. That's because the world's best-known and perhaps largest exchange of the virtual currency known as bitcoin Mt. Gox, located in Tokyo's Shibuya district appeared to have all but collapsed last week....
  2. Filed under Cryptocurrency, Crypto 2.0 There's been a lot written about the growing blockchain popularity in recent years. While there has always been a vocal minority who seek to destroy Bitcoin and other Crypto 2.0 protocols, it appears that a more mainstream attitude is slowly changing. It's only natural, then,...
  3. There are many reasons for the success of the Bitcoin currency. The first of which is that it's extremely difficult to track exactly what is being bought and sold, what the exchange rate is between two currencies and in Bitcoin, you don't even have to worry about that! The anonymity...
  4. Blockchain is a cryptographic technology, created in 2015, that offers an alternative to bitcoin. It is a blockchain-based system that stores transactions on "the blockchain," in a chronological process. I want to know more about blockchain, you can get some here: https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiblockchain_technology.s
  5. A little over a month ago, Toshiaki Fukuda took over as the head of the company that he founded back in 1982. Fukuda-san's tenure as CEO comes at a time when bitcoin is becoming more visible in the mainstream. In recent months, there have been news reports about bitcoin's increasing...
  6. As someone who's been writing about bitcoin for over two years, I've had ample opportunity to witness a number of major technical changes. While there are so many to choose from, I chose to highlight one in particular: the introduction of Segwit2x, which has a lot of the same issues...
  7. Fellow Binancians, GDAX is now trading BNT on Binance. GDAX uses the following terms and symbols: BNT Binance Coin GDAX Coin GDAX Coin GDAX GBTC Digital Asset Ticker GDAX GNT Digital Asset Toilette Please note that GDAX Coin is listed on this platform only in limited trading volumes. GDAX is...
  8. Fellow Binancians, Binance will soon implement the new token sale schedule which is as follows: ICO Begins: 1st October, 2017 10:00 AM UTC ICO Ends: 9th November, 2017 2:00 PM UTC Token Sale End 5 bonus: 31st December 11:59 PM UTC There could be some delay for the token refund....
  9. It's easy to get lost in the world of cryptocurrency, but this interactive map by bitcoinmap reveals how different regions of the world are represented in the cryptocurrency community, and how geographically diverse Bitcoin is. To see how Bitcoin is viewed across various countries and regions, head to the article,...
  10. The first ever bitcoin ATM will be in front of the Bank of England tomorrow morning. The machine allows users to pay for their bills in cash, as well as make transfers. The machines, which will allow bitcoin buyers to withdraw their funds and make purchases using British pounds, will...
  11. I discovered bitcoin in early 2011. At first it was something that felt like play money and almost surreal. I didn't fully understand all the details back then, but a decentralized, peer-to-peer digital currency was just too crazy and I became intrigued. Over the years I started diving deeper and...
  12. MUMBAI: India is on track to become the world's second-largest bitcoin market after US , according to global bitcoin consultancy Cointrace The firm, which works to identify digital currency businesses globally, predicts a 13.7 billion bitcoin industry in India in 2020.As per the data, bitcoin-based trading volumes in India were...
  13. The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday agreed to hear arguments in the case that could ultimately create rules for an increasingly contentious field of digital currency investments known as blockchain. Here's what you should know. What are blockchain and cryptocurrency and who is behind them? A blockchain is a digital...
  14. The world of Bitcoin as it stands today has a multitude of applications. Bitcoin is the main one but so are the more popular alternative currencies Bitcoin Cash, Peercoin, Ethereum and Ripple. With the number of different coins hitting an all-time high every day, it may not be surprising to...
  15. In this blog post we'll talk about bitcoins and look at an overview of how to accept them from your python app. Bitcoin: Bitcoin is crypto-currency whose protocol allows fast, anonymous and secure digital transactions. To know more about bitcoin and to install it, go to the "Developer Guide" guide....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 6] — 435 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. First, shut off the water supply to the faucet. Next, remove the faucet handle and look for any signs of a damaged gasket or seal. If necessary, replace any parts that are worn or damaged. Finally, reassemble the faucet and turn the water supply back on to test it.
  2. . Stop the water from flowing through the faucet body. This is called a block. Make sure you have the right wrench to remove the faucet handle. 2. Turn the faucet head into the block you just removed. This will create a loop in the water that will block the...
  3. First, turn off the shut-off valve that supplies water to the faucet. If it is not easily accessible, you may need to turn off the main water supply to the house. After that, you can use a wrench to loosen and remove the faucet handle. Then, you can remove the...
  4. First, turn off the water supply to the faucet. Look for the supply valve and turn it clockwise to the off position. 2 Next, depending on the style of faucet you have, take a flathead screwdriver to remove the handle. 3 Underneath, you'll find the packing nut, which you can...
  5. First, shut off the water. You might need a wrench or a hand wrench, or just your fingers. Make sure you do not leave the water running while you are in the faucet, because you can damage the faucet handle. Then, you want to remove the faucet handle from the...
  6. First, shut the faucet handle from underneath, without using the wrench. Then take a look at the faucet body, to see if it needs to be replaced or repaired. If it does need to be replaced or repaired, you need to remove the handles. Then you need to replace the...
  7. To replace a faucet thats lost, here are the instructions: 1. Turn off the faucet. 2. Go to the faucets replacement unit. 3. If the faucet has been turning off the
  8. 1. Identify the type of faucet you are dealing with. Most faucets are either compression, ball-type, cartridge, or ceramic disc. 2. Gather the necessary tools and supplies, including an adjustable wrench, Phillips-head screwdriver, plumber's tape, and a replacement part specific to the faucet you are working on. 3. Turn off...
  9. 1. How do I remove a filter from my hose? To remove a filter from your Hose, first remove the valve cover, then remove the filter. Once you have completely removed the filter, be prepared to change it. If you have a hose that is threaded to a pressure gauge...
  10. . Open the faucet handle. 2. See if you can identify the faucet blade. 3. Take a look at the faucet body. 4. Find the connection points and join together. 5. Repair the problem by making sure you are doing everything correctly by a new faucet.
  11. First, you should turn off the water supply to the faucet by shutting off the main valve or the individual fixture's shut off valve. Then you can try to tighten the connectors and replace the rubber washers and gaskets. If that doesn't work, then you may need to replace the...
  12. 1. Start by turning off the water supply to the faucet. 2. Identify the specific type of faucet you have. 3. Remove the handle and locate the defective parts such as the O-ring or packing nut. 4. Replace the parts with new ones that are compatible with the faucet. 5....
  13. First, shut off the water from the faucet, using a wrench or a wrench in this case. If you arent able to do this, then you can also try placing a piece of plastic under the faucet handle, this may work better if the faucet head is in the center....
  14. First turn off the water supply to the faucet. Check the valve or handle under the sink, or for an exterior faucet, outside the house. 2 Determine what type of faucet you have. Check the manufacturers instructions to find out how to disassemble and replace the necessary parts. 3 Remove...
  15. First, shut off the water. You may need a wrench, a screwdriver, a wheel wrench, or a pliers or screwdriver. If you do not have the appropriate tool, the following website may help. If the water in your faucet is extremely dry, you may need to add water to it...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 7] — 913 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Canadian Grand Prix cancelled for 2004: official Updated The 2004 Canadian Formula One Grand Prix has been officially cancelled because of the Federal Government's ban on tobacco-related sponsorship, F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone said. This is the first time the Formula One Management Company confirmed information from Canadian Grand Prix officials...
  2. Kazimierz Mladek made headlines around the world. On March 1, 2015, he was named Europe's best junior driver at the FIA European Junior Championship championships. It was a remarkable achievement indeed -- but it was followed by a week in which questions were being raised about just who was driving...
  3. Barry Darnall, who died in a crash on a track during the 1982 season, has been replaced by a man in a wig and tie who has a record of winning as many races as his replacement. Mark Walker is a member of the legendary F1 team Williams and has...
  4. The following content is not compatible on this device. Michael Schumacher is now expected to be discharged from hospital with help from a surrogate mother in three to six weeks. The five-time world champion has had to have two spinal fusions and had to be forced to wear a harness...
  5. The subject was discussed in principle in Tuesday's F1 Strategy Group meeting in Geneva, although there were no details or specific numbers, and Carey is keen not to give too much away. "I don't want to get too far into negotiating in public," said Carey. "What I would say is...
  6. Dani Pedrosa is in his eleventh season in MotoGP. Throughout that period, he has seen many changes in the premier class. He raced in the last year of the 990s, then throughout the 800 era, and saw the return of the 1000cc machines. Only Valentino Rossi has been in MotoGP...
  7. The Hill - Schumacher Interview 12.1.00 At the Suzuka race, the final round of the 1999 World Championship, Damon Hill interviewed Michael Schumacher on behalf of F1 Racing magazine. Here is a transcript of that fascinating encounter : Damon Hill Michael, I've never done an interview before - so you'll...
  8. Holden Racing Team boss Adrian Burgess hauled drivers James Courtney and Garth Tander behind closed doors after an on track feud placed the team's results in jeopardy. Tander and Warren Luff took the lead in the Pirtek Enduro Cup after finishing fourth in Race 26 at the Castrol Gold Coast...
  9. Monster Yamaha Tech 3 riders Bradley Smith and Pol Espargaro struggled to hide their disappointment after forgettable ninth and tenth place finishes in Sunday's Austrian MotoGP. "The result wasn't too bad," began Smith. "Disappointed that I couldn't get past Redding. I mean, there was quite a big miscalculation on fuel...
  10. "It is our hope to build our business in a manner that serves the needs and desires of the most popular riders, while also creating an environment that fosters a positive environment for the bike commuter. We need to grow, we need to invest and, with that investment, we need...
  11. "I thought they would be pretty good this last race I mean sure they could have gone in this second car but I don't know what they were thinking doing that. But, yeah well they did a good job all weekend and it's nice to see that they are fighting...
  12. It is a rare thing even when they are all good-humoured on the track. This one however, was a little bit more sinister. After the final lap, Mark Webber and Mark Clément collided on the approach to the hairpin and Webber hit Clément's Mercedes, sending the American spinning off the...
  13. Spending a penny has cost Kerrin McEvoy 500 at Randwick with the leading jockey fined after being caught short. McEvoy ducked into a barrier to relieve himself before the second race but his actions were caught on television. The barriers were also in front of the grandstand for the 2400m...
  14. Dale Earnhardt Jr. was suspended for the final six races of the NASCAR season for violating drug policy provisions, the sanctioning body announced Monday. The decision comes after the 36-year-old earned a career-low five victories and his lowest finish in a NASCAR Cup Series season since 2009. As a result...
  15. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Michael Schumacher, pictured at a press conference in 2013, won 10 titles during his career Former Formula One world champion Michael Schumacher should be left with brain damage, his manager, Sabine Kehm, has suggested. Schumacher, who retired from the sport in 2006, was critically...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 8] — 1769 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. You want to learn about how to plant these plants? The plant species you want to grow are all part of a plant family. Some plants are in the same family as others.
  2. Some good plants for a small apartment space are: peace lily, pothos, snake plant, aloe vera, jade plant, spider plant, and rubber plant.
  3. You might want to set them up before you harvest them, or you might want to set them up before you pull them out of that part of the plant. So they get harvested before they become too big.
  4. Well, you can check its growth and flowering rates, but a plants growth rates also depend on the weather conditions, and also the plants age and environmental conditions, so it can be hard to estimate how much sunshine the plant needs, or whether it should be moving at more light...
  5. Common gardening diseases include powdery mildew, blight, rust, leaf spot, and botrytis.
  6. Some types of indoor house plants that don't need a lot of sunlight include snake plants, pothos, spider plants, philodendrons, peace lilies, calatheas, and ferns.
  7. Some plants that can thrive in low light environments include spider plants, peace lilies, snake plants, golden pothos, jade plants, cast iron plants, and chinese evergreen.
  8. A succulent needs indirect, bright light and should not be exposed to full sunlight.
  9. How about some indoor plants? Is that helpful?
  10. Lets see, it looks like the plants leaves are very healthy, since they are not being eaten by insects. There are some varieties of pot plants that are not particularly healthy, but are still rather safe to eat. Since we want to avoid eating the roots anyway, we probably wouldnt...
  11. Plant pots are shaped the way they are because it helps the plant to grow properly and stay healthy. The wide top allows the plant to have enough space for its roots to spread out and grow. The narrow bottom helps to keep the plant stable and prevents it from...
  12. If youre referring to the houseplant as a decorative plant, they can take up to 5 years to grow.
  13. Some plants that grow best in low light conditions include spider plants, peace lilies, snake plants, philodendrons, pothos plants, and English ivy.
  14. There are three main types of soil: sand, silt, and clay. Sand has the largest particles and clay the smallest, with silt falling in the middle. These different particle sizes are the result of how each type of soil is formed. Sand is mostly the result of rocks and minerals...
  15. One of the best resources for learning about different plants and how to care for them is to consult with a local nursery. They will be able to provide you with information about the types of plants that are best suited for your location and the required care for each...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 9] — 27649 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. FORT MYERS Red Sox pitching prospect Steven Wright, who was placed on the 15-day disabled list Monday, is back at his locker. But in a new jersey, with a red Sox pin that has been removed. Wright, who suffered a fractured left fibula Friday while playing for Double-A Portland, was...
  2. The world's best young baseball players continue to come into Europe. The European Baseball Organization's EBO 19-year-old Golden Era has seen the arrival and disappearance of some of the future talent of the game from around the world. The last time we wrote about an EBO player was in July,...
  3. TODAY: The Dodgers have announced that they've designated lefty Jeff Locke for assignment. YESTERDAY: The Dodgers and outfielder Jeff Locke are negotiating an outright release, according to multiple reports. The contract would also allow the 40-year-old native of San Diego to pursue other opportunities if the Dodgers cannot sign him...
  4. It was not supposed to happen this way. A young, talented left-handed bullpen bat would be able to help turn around a franchise, and it was supposed to happen in Toronto. "I think it's the worst timing ever," R.A. Dickey said at the time of signing Matt Stairs to a...
  5. If it's up to Miguel Cabrera, he's headed back across the diamond. Cabrera, the Detroit Tigers star who has won the last two American League MVPs, told Venezuela's Cnn Sports he'd like to play first base again. "I already told the Tigers," he said. Detroit has a vacancy at first...
  6. Real live baseball is here. Spring training games are starting this week throughout camp in Florida and Arizona. That means manager and GMs are evaluating their lineups and rotations, which players will fill the final spots on the 25-man roster and which players need more seasoning in the minors. In...
  7. The Orioles put in a waiver claim on outfielder Alex Hassan earlier this week and lost him to the Athletics. Today the Orioles got him. The team announced that it claimed Hassan off waivers and added him to the 40-man roster, which now contains 35 players as we approach the...
  8. For the fifth year in a row, the PBA has unveiled a list of 25 under-the-radar players that could be the next stars of the game. While most of the names you'd expect are on it, one player stood out above all the others. For the fifth straight year, the...
  9. In his first full year at the helm of the Los Angeles Dodgers, general manager Ned Colletti has made it clear that his top offseason priority is adding top-tier talent. The Dodgers have had a very active trade market for months, and they have landed some good pieces and made...
  10. "You could see where it would have been a huge problem for the team had they hit this guy at the wrong time. There was just no way," said White Sox manager Robin Ventura. "But we're not too surprised since he's been one of our players his whole career. He's...
  11. CINCINNATI -- The Reds entered Thursday after one of their worst start to a season in more than 25 years, losing nine of their first 11 games and finishing the summer with an 0-6 record to start the season. So manager Bryan Price asked manager Dusty Baker, his right-hand guy,...
  12. FORT MYERS, Florida -- The Red Sox have signed pitcher Jon Lester to a seven-year, 184MM contract, in addition to paying him 18 million for the final two seasons. The deal also includes performance bonuses of 3 million for the 2017 season and 10 million for the 2019 with a...
  13. Last Updated On: May 12, 2017 With the 2016 campaign already wrapping up, it's time to look ahead to the 2017 season. In a season marked by a lot of upsets, wild card contenders, and even some surprise playoff teams, some of the top storylines of the 2017 season have...
  14. The idea is simple: Take a picture of the top 10 players on each roster in the NBA before the season begins, which allows you to see their relative standing. We took a similar approach here at FiveThirtyEight in August, but we went further: We also created a graphic that...
  15. This article is part of a series on the 2014 MLB Free Agent Class. Part one is here. Part two will be up soon! In the winter of 2014, the Orioles entered this offseason seemingly on the verge of a big splash. An offense that failed to reach the .500...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 10] — 330 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. You want to keep the steak cooked until it is no longer medium-raisher. How long it is cooked before also depends on the thickness of the steak. With a steak as thin as 5 c 120 f, the steak might be cooked to mediumraisher of 5 c 120 f, and...
  2. To cook steak in general, it is best to heat the steak on a grill, using a medium degree heat level and using a thermometer to check the temperature of the steak and determine doneness. If possible, steak will be cooked to an internal temperature of 130 F or 57.75...
  3. . Marinate the steak in a zip-top bag in the refrigerator for about 12 hour. 2. Remove the steak from the refrigerator and let stand for 5 minutes. 3. Heat a high-quality grill on one side of the steak and flip the steak for 2 minutes. 4. Transfer the steak...
  4. The steak should be cooked on a grill, in a grill machine, or on the grill from a hot-air grill, until medium-rare. In a skillet, over medium heat, place the steak on the grill. You want to cook the steak gently, until medium-rare, but before cook, put on the grill....
  5. The best way to cook a ribeye steak is to season it with salt and pepper and then sear it in a hot skillet for about two minutes per side. Once both sides are seared, finish cooking the steak in the oven for about 10 minutes, or until it has...
  6. How we tested All the usual suspects: a traditional steakhouse steak, a rare strip steak, and a steak with a rich sauce. We decided to use the steakhouse's prime cuts, with no bone in the steak, to keep the cooking time down. We did not want a soggy, greasy steak;...
  7. You should know that steak isnt meant to be cooked on a grill. It was traditionally cooked over the stove, with an element of grill-infancy and good cheer, but youll never know if you have a cookbook for steak.
  8. . Heat some oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. 2. Put the steak in the pan with the oil. 3. Use a good quality grill oil. Look for non-stick or golf-club oil, as those are designed for cooking meat safely without sticking. 4. Season the steak with herbs...
  9. You want the steak cooked on medium-high heat, so make sure that the steak is cooked once in a few minutes, and then once and a while in place. At that point, the steak should be cooked, and the juices, which are produced by the steak when it is heated...
  10. You might want to grill or cook it, depending on what you are cooking, and then remove the steak from the grill when it is cooked to your liking. Or you might want to put the steak in a skillet with about a pound of butter, and then flip the...
  11. You want your steak cooked gently in a skillet in a lightly-tempered oven, until just pink. Then you want it to be very well done, and heated just just beyond the core but under the crust. What might help you in that recipe, do you want me to teach you...
  12. To get the best results, you should cook the steak at a temperature corresponding to your recommended cooking period, and then let it rest for about 5 minutes? You can also try cooking the steak in a skillet, with the temperature set close to the temperature you want, for several...
  13. . You have three types of steaks. Two are thin pieces of the meat called steaks, with different muscle orientation in the front and in the back. In order to cook these steaks, you need to produce a heat and keep control of both the fat and the lean portions...
  14. If cooked improperly, your steak can easily overcooked. For a steak cooked medium-rare, you want it cooked to medium, but not rare, and for a steak cooked medium, you want it cooked all the way through to medium. For a steak cooked rare, you want it cooked until the juices...
  15. 1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. 2. On a hot skillet, heat oil over medium heat. 3. Place steak in the skillet in a lightly oiled manner. 4. You can season the steak with salt and pepper. 5. If your steak is cooked well done, I recommend a "craisins"...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 11] — 359 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. A few days ago I had two great guests on the show. First was my brother's buddy and former co-worker, Bill O'Connor who you probably met on TV who was the founder and head judge of the WWE Raw Tag Team Titles he also competed and won for them. And...
  2. The last couple of days have been a whirlwind for us here at WCPW. On Monday night, a show we produced together, New Blood Wrestling, won the show in a very exciting show called the "Dueling Kicks". On Wednesday we held another show, but this time with many of our...
  3. Following the shocking announcement that popular wrestler Roman Reigns had been hospitalized for emergency hernia surgery, World Wrestling Entertainment WWE has announced that Reigns' in-ring duties will be fulfilled by his brother, Luther Reigns. Demonstrating WWE's show-must-go-on mentality, Luther Reigns will take Roman's place in a much-hyped showdown against former...
  4. WWE Raw, live from boston, opens up with Vince McMahon's entrance music. Which hasn't happened in years. A now 70 year old Vince walks down the ramp somberly, no sign of his signature strut. He slowly makes his way into the ring, almost like he is soaking up the cheers...
  5. I was looking around to see what's available and found this really cool set of custom etched plates by the guys over at Superstar Sports. It features names and numbers such as The Big Show, Chris Jericho, Randy Orton, The Shield and Kane, and each one features a custom made...
  6. The world of professional wrestling has been divided since 1999 in the "Nitro Wars" feud between the World Wrestling Federation and its flagship promotion, World Championship Wrestling. That war finally came to a close on July 12, when Kurt Angle, one of the few remaining stars of WWF, joined the...
  7. As if the past 15 weeks hasn't been enough, WWE has announced that RAW's live event from Chicago during WWE TLC will be this Sunday Jan. 29 live at the United Center in Chicago. No word on what it'll be called, but it's likely to be the biggest event in...
  8. 1 Clean The Longest, Biggest ThrowbackThursday Ever This week's ThrowbackThursday is one that you've probably heard before but you've never seen it, from the first episode ever of THE LEAD AND THE LEGEND on WWE Network. This week, Jimmy and Matt welcome back the hilarious and hilarious Dwayne "The Rock"...
  9. CategoriesNews There will soon be a new addition to the WWE Universe following the announcement of the Brock Lesnar Survivor Series pay-per-view. It's not just the man himself who is making a return to action, but a handful of the company's most beloved performers who are headed to their fourth...
  10. Rank your top 5 workers of the week. This includes wrestlers and all other figures in the wrestling world including managers etc. Stables should be listed as their stable name and not individually. Please use capitals at the beginning of each word e.g. Daniel Bryan not daniel bryan and if...
  11. On Thursday it was announced that WWE are to hold a Wrestlemania special for its audience, this being the one year anniversary of Wrestlemania 21. This special will offer a two hour, 30 minute programme with two entrances and two singles matches in singles matches not in tag team matches....
  12. Additional reporting added by Dave Meltzer UPDATE: Ric Flair is now out of surgery but the situation is still extremely serious. After being hospitalized on Saturday, Ric Flair is in a medically induced coma and set to undergo a procedure. A representative for WWE confirmed that news to TMZ, though...
  13. World Wrestling Entertainment Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. The Problem 3. The Analysis 4. Alternatives 5. Recommendations 6. Conclusions 7. References Introduction World Wrestling Entertainment, WWE is a public global company. It deals in professional wrestling. Apart from this, the company obtains revenue from product licensing, films and...
  14. The World Wrestling Federation has made a couple of changes to its top brass by dismissing its chairman and executive vice-chairman Jim Ross and firing its recently installed general manager, Shane McMahon. WWE announced the firing of McMahon at a recent event in Philadelphia. He was on duty and did...
  15. The video opens with a man looking very much like a jolly, young, and optimistic guy, dressed in khaki shorts, a brown polo shirt, and a polo cap. His face is framed by a mustache and he smiles broadly, as if this is the first time he can remember smiling....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 12] — 405 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. "The United States has "turned its back on the world" in its response to the Ebola crisis in west Africa, the UN envoy for Ebola warned on Wednesday. In an interview with journalists following a three-day emergency Cobra meeting, Ban Ki-moon urged world powers to take more decisive action to...
  2. CNN The United States is now less than 100 miles from the coast of the Ebola-ravaged region of West Africa, the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Tuesday. There has been "progress" in controlling the disease in this area, Dr. Tom Frieden said during a press...
  3. To begin with, it's unclear who told Sen. McCain "there would never be a case of Ebola in the United States." The most categorical statements that have come from the White House, the National Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention during the current outbreak are...
  4. The World Health Organization WHO reports a surge in the numbers of new cases of Ebola virus disease in Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone and Senegal between April 7 and October 4. WHO predicts that, over the course of this influenza season, there could be more than 8,000 new cases...
  5. The government says its strategy of providing assistance to people in need to curb the spread of Ebola will continue as the number of cases in West Africa continues to rise. In a statement to AP, Health Minister Rama Yade blamed "misinformation" from the media for the sharp increase in...
  6. The Story of Ebola, English Project Description This animationproduced in collaboration with International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies, UNICEF, and Yoni Goodmanbrings to life key messages that help people see and understand how Ebola spreads and how to protect themselves and their communities.
  7. It is clear that the United States of America has failed to respond adequately and appropriately to the current outbreak of Ebola. It is important to recognize that the spread of this outbreak is most likely not limited geographically to Africa, but to the United States. At the current estimated...
  8. In the last days of December 2013, as the Ebola virus was devastating West Africa, the president of Sierra Leone called on the United Nations and the global community for help. He asked that a rapid deployment of medical personnel, including nurses, be sent to Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea...
  9. Image caption The UN warned of widespread "widespread fear" of the disease The World Health Organisation has urged states to prepare for Ebola as it spreads in the affected countries of West Africa. It warned that the epidemic was "already causing chaos" in some areas, amid fears that it could...
  10. In the US, the only thing people talk about when it comes to the Ebola crisis are the "crisis mode" Twitter accounts created by the US government. But the Ebola outbreak is a global tragedy that has left thousands dead across West Africa. In India, the country has already sent...
  11. The National Institutes of Health NIH announced today that it has set aside 100 million to continue its clinical program against Ebola in Sierra Leone starting Nov. 1, 2015. The funding, which will be administered through the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality AHRQ, will support 10,000 patient-years of research...
  12. The World Health Organization has called on the world's governments to help reduce the death toll stemming from the Ebola virus disease EVD by 1,000 to 1,500 cases per week. WHO calls on governments to prioritise interventions In a report released today, WHO said that in Sierra Leone, Liberia and...
  13. Image copyright AFP Image caption A number of victims could face lengthy prison terms Nigerian law enforcement authorities are trying to arrest more than 1,000 people in connection with the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, officials say. Officials say all of those arrested are in danger of being infected. Nigeria...
  14. Fears of a new outbreak of Ebola have been compounded by the fact that it is taking so long for the outbreak to be contained in Sierra Leone. Ebola is spread by one of two species of fruit flies, Aedes aegypti and Culex pipiens. According to a spokesman for the...
  15. The World Health Organization WHO has been trying to persuade the government to pay for the costs of treating thousands of Ebola cases a month. But, the head of the United States Agency for International Development USAID, which manages foreign aid, has rejected the plan, claiming it's a waste of...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 13] — 804 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The most exciting part of this weekend's UFC Fight Night 93 event is the main event, a rematch between Anthony Pettis and Rafael dos Anjos, set for the UFC 189 pay-per-view PPV PPV on December 12th. After last year's controversial main event, this one will be the most intriguing, as...
  2. LAS VEGAS The first season of the UFC's long-awaited pay-per-view, UFC Fight Night 84, took place under the bright lights of Las Vegas, Nevada, over the weekend. The UFC announced the full card on Monday and a welterweight fight at the end of the card, a heavyweight fight, a featherweight...
  3. Holly Holm made more money from her pro mixed martial arts debut than she ever made in her entire fighting career as the former Invicta bantamweight star, who is still considered undefeated, signed on with the UFC on Friday. Holm signed a three-fight contract in the UFC's first attempt at...
  4. By Keith Idec Errol Spence Jr. was one of those boxing insiders who saw the great change that was taking place years ago. Since the former junior welterweight titleholder retired from the sport less than two weeks ago, Spence, who now is an HBO analyst, has been among people who...
  5. On this Sunday's episode of The MMA Hour, UFC heavyweight champion Stipe Miocic discusses his recent win over Alistair Overeem after losing the title, what he'll have to do to beat Junior dos Santos for the third time, and more! The full video is above. MMA Hour is hosted by...
  6. Ken Shamrock and Kevin "Kimbo Slice" Ferguson admit there are two primary reasons they've agreed to an upcoming Bellator MMA fight: It's a chance to have fun, and it's also a chance to make a little money. The two vets, who have both been out of the MMA cage since...
  7. On the latest episode of The MMA Hour, we chatted with Ariel Helwani about his fight next weekend against Phil Davis at UFC Fight Night 80 on Saturday, and how he believes his opponent will approach the fight. The UFC flyweight champion isn't sure what the outcome will be, but...
  8. Dana White and his men can thank Conor McGregor for their UFC 196 pay-per-view PPV victory over Eddie Alvarez and their place in the top spot in 2014. "I thought he did a great job in the first round," White told ESPN's SportsCenter on Tuesday. "He did his thing. He...
  9. For the last decade an unassuming figure out of Sao Paulo, Brazil has been imposing his will on some of the most dangerous men on the planet. Not in a violent, terrifying way, but in an artistic, beautiful way that so heavily contrasts the connotations of the sport he participates...
  10. Rafael Dos Anjos: Still undefeated Rafael dos Anjos isn't ready to accept being knocked out. The reigning Brazilian jiu-jitsu world champion recently said that even with his dominant win over Kelvin Gastelum at UFC Fight Night 112, there is still a chance that he could lose to former welterweight champion...
  11. "This may be the best moment of my career," said Alexei Kovalev, who won the world title back in 2008 with a win over Vitali Klitschko's former protégé Wladimir Klitschko. Now, the Ukrainian has to prove he's better than the man he defeated just 18 months ago. Kovalev has spent...
  12. Froch vs Groves press conference: Recap all the action as the two rivals went head-to-head With the big fight almost among us, Carl Froch and George Groves did their stint in front of the media at Wembley. See what they had to say as it happened here
  13. It is now being reported that UFC fighters have been offered 100,000 to throw money at UFC president Dana White while he tries to sell the promotion to an American audience. For years, MMA fans have been told that if someone is good enough to fight for a major U.S....
  14. By Steve Kim On December 12, at the HBO Boxing After Dark event in Monte Carlo, WBO cruiserweight champion Sergey Kovalev will defend his title against Carlos Molina 19-1, 16KOs, a hard-hitting Puerto Rican who has won three of his last four bouts. Kovalev, the No. 1 contender, is looking...
  15. Bobby Roode vs. Tim Kennedy The "Iron" Mike Dolce and "Iron Mike Dolce Jr." battle on the Spike TV 10th Anniversary special. Both fighters are fighting in the UFC as they try to become the first ever to hold titles inside the octagon. However, neither person is an easy opponent...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 14] — 348 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. It's a day early in the new year, and the weather's warm and the crowds are ready to party. A little more than a year ago, New York City became the newest host city for the International Olympic Committee. And, if all goes well, the Games could start as early...
  2. NewsUpdate Tokyo 2020 hires new International Communications Director CHAD WISE Sports Features Communications February 2 Tokyo 2020 has just appointed marketing and communications expert Hisao Shuto as the Bid Committee's International Communications Director. As Shuto joins the team, he brings almost three decades of sport and communications experience to Tokyo...
  3. What a year it's been for a man in the middle of his senior year at Columbia. Dane Swan, the only member of the men's crew to get top-three qualifying ratings and a spot in the finals of the world team trials, is back on the horizon. And, on May...
  4. Rio 2016: The Olympics are getting a third venue, the Brazilian Botafogo coast, with the announcement of the 9 million construction of an Olympic stadium in the state of Rio de Janeiro. The stadium, with a playing surface bigger than the Olympic Stadium in London and three times the size...
  5. We at LWOS are always on the hunt for the most relevant, interesting infographics to give our regular readers. Today we present you a fantastic infographic prepared by our friends at Finances Online click for the full graphic and info. Here you will find 10 surprising facts about the 2014...
  6. Rio 2016: US President Barack Obama shakes hands with IOC President Thomas Bach on the podium at the conclusion of the medal ceremony on Monday The US Olympic Committee will not pay its 21m 15.6m bill to build a stadium and Olympic Village despite Rio's failure to meet a deadline...
  7. It's very rare that you see "the" in the headlines. Yet today it is precisely this fact that we are now seeing in China and it's about to get a whole lot worse. It was an uncharacteristic comment from Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on October 7 when he said he...
  8. There's been a lot of news coming out about how well-equipped the UK's railways are to cope with the surge in demand coming from the Olympics but, as a fan of the train to London, I find it hard to get my feelings up. I can only feel very down...
  9. The modern Olympic Games began in Athens, Greece in 1896. The International Olympic Committee IOC was founded in 1894 by Pierre de Coubertin, the French educator and historian. He sought to revive ancient Olympic ideals and blend them with the growing international sports movement of the time. The first modern...
  10. Rio Olympic Games: The World's Largest Pool The pool is a key element of the Olympic Games, not only in terms of the sport but the whole atmosphere. Rio Olympic Games: The World's Largest Pool Share this: Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Pocket Telegram Like this: Like Loading. Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Pocket...
  11. This summer, on a day when she was on track for her own first world title, the sportswriter Megan Rapinoe found herself sitting on a beach in the British Virgin Islands, contemplating her future. She was at her most vulnerable, physically and emotionally. The world team, she had just joined,...
  12. You've probably never heard of Justin Lower. He's an Ohio kid who upon first glance is a mere footnote among the superstar names in this week's Memorial Tournament field. A former NAIA national champion at Malone University, he's been toiling on the mini-tour circuit for a few years and now...
  13. This post will be updated over the weekend. Click here for details. UPDATE: The first wave has ended. Click here for all photos, details, and more on the second wave. The 2017 Summer Olympic Games take place from August 5-21 in Brazil. The opening ceremony is August 5, with the...
  14. This story appeared in the August 22, 2016 issue of SPORTS ILLUSTRATED. To subscribe to the magazine, click here. Budapest, Paris, Rome and Los Angeles engaged in their own Olympic event in Rio last week, as representatives from each city sought out IOC members to make their cases for hosting...
  15. Somewhere out there on the internet there are Montrealers some still living here, others who moved away ages ago who are doing their best to preserve the memory of what this city used to be. They'll scan in luridly coloured Polaroids of Crescent St. circa 1970 or Expo 67 back...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 15] — 300 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Youll want to preheat a skillet, melt some butter in it, and then cook a delicious egg omelet in the butter. Youll want to place the eggs in the skillet well-drunked. You want the skillet heated up gently, so that the whites are just breaking the yolks a little bit....
  2. Omelet is a cooking dish made with eggs cooked in a skillet. Cooking the omelet in a skillet can be a complicated process, but the omelet recipe is here: https:www.bbcgoodfood.comrecipesomelet Prep: Omelet Deliciousness: Omelet with cheese andor peppers Instructions: 1. Add white onions and garlic to a skillet with a...
  3. Beat two eggs in a bowl and sprinkle on a pinch of pepper, then make a wide skillet and pour two tablespoons of melted butter over the saute pan. In a slow, steady movement, brush a tablespoon of vinegar over the skillet. When the eggs are ready, pour the egg...
  4. The best way to make scrambled eggs is to beat the eggs in a bowl with a pinch of salt and pepper, melt some butter in a pan over medium-high heat, add the beaten eggs to the pan, and scramble and stir until the eggs are cooked through.
  5. First, crack an egg into the bowl. You can do this by either singing the egg out loud, or in your mind, saying the words cracked jolt and then clapping your hands. If you do this, its good to watch the other persons face as you clap, since you want...
  6. Omelette is a great cooking method because it creates a very fluffy and delicious béarnaise sauce that can be used in a range of delicious dishes. There are lots of cooking options that will give you a great omelette every time. Some popular cooking techniques include grated Gruyere cheese, whisking...
  7. The healthiest way to cook an egg is to boil it, poach it, or bake it in the oven. Boiled eggs are a great source of protein, and poaching eggs ensures that most of the nutrients stay in the egg. Baking the eggs in the oven is also a healthier...
  8. Ingredients: - 3 eggs - 2 tablespoons of milk - 2 tablespoons of butter - Salt and pepper to taste Instructions: 1. Crack the eggs into a bowl and whisk together. 2. Heat a skillet over medium-high heat with the butter. 3. Add the eggs and season with salt and...
  9. . Wash the egg shell thoroughly, but not too vigorously. Clean the yolk with a soft bristled brush. Place the egg in the middle of a lightly oiled bowl. Cover with plastic wrap or a damp cloth, and chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour before serving. 2....
  10. Omelette isnt made in the step by step way that youre thinking about. Instead, a good omelette made by doing the step-by-step method is given for on the right and shows how to use those steps in order to achieve an omelette, without what happens to be if the step-by-word...
  11. Youhow do you cook an egg? Do you want to keep it soft, or hard? How about the spread on top? Its good that the one egg isnt the whole. Is there anything the child should cook at home? What kind of bread are you making? Do you want to...
  12. How to make the perfect homemade omelet from scratch with only 6 ingredients to begin with! So easy, you'll be ready to whip this recipe up in less than five minutes! Happy Wednesday everyone! I hope that you've received your spring clean lately. I don't know what you guys do...
  13. What is the difference between an egg and a yolk? A yolk is the yellow portion of the egg, while an egg is a hard, white substance that forms after the yolk has been cooked. On average, an egg lasts for about 12 to 15 minutes. What are the different...
  14. Youll want to put them in a skillet with some butter or oil, and cook them for about 1-2 minutes, until the whites are set around the yolks. Youll want them cooked gently in a warm, not hot, oven, so the whites are set around the yolks but still gently...
  15. 1. Start by cracking two large eggs into a bowl. 2. Whisk the eggs with a fork until the whites and yolks are blended together. 3. Heat 1 tablespoon of butter in a non-stick pan over medium-high heat. 4. Add the eggs to the pan and season with salt, pepper,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 16] — 7298 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. You are what you eat. and you are what you can make from food. That's the point. These vegan chocolate brownies are absolutely moist, and they feature a rich dark chocolate flavor and delicious, gooey dark chocolate layer. Perfect for breakfast, snack, or dessert! I've been obsessed with chocolate brownies...
  2. 12 stick unsalted butter, or "lutus" cut to a thickness of 14 inch, and 1 tablespoon fresh fresh chopped basil, or "salad" or "pastes". This is referred to as a "Pizza sauce". The basic preparation is referred to as a "Pizza cooking". The three basic ingredients that are used in...
  3. This was a very fun to make! I used my new silicone food processor, and I had read that it was great at blending up all my ingredients, so I decided to go for that here. This is easily 12 the recipe, so it was a lot of chocolate brownie...
  4. Ingredients: -3-4 very ripe bananas -1 cup of sugar -13 cup of vegetable oil -1 teaspoon of vanilla extract -1 teaspoon of baking soda -12 teaspoon of salt -1 teaspoon of ground cinnamon -12 teaspoon of nutmeg -1 34 cups of all-purpose flour -12 cup of chopped walnuts optional Instructions:...
  5. 2 cup of oatmeal 12 teaspoon of sugar 12 cup of brown sugar
  6. What are the ingredients you already have? You can list them in a recipe: -Peanut butter -Brown sugar -Aji -Oils -Garlic -Jelly beans -Coconut flakes -Pecans -Whipped cream -Maple syrup -Sausages optional -Rice flakes -Oil -Salt -Black pepper -Aise -Vanilla extract -Ginger -Aise -Vanilla bean -Dried cranberries -Dried strawberries -Mushroom...
  7. For his birthday, I made something a little different. This is a vegan macaron, made from scratch using my favorite chocolate-chip cookie. So I went on an adventure. I bought many chocolate chip cookies I love them so much, and took them to the store, and I did some baking...
  8. Sugar, protein, and fat: three ingredients of the modern perfect breakfast. While our beloved eggnog has its roots in French culture, it was invented by the English in the 1700's. Now, that's one of the more unusual ingredients on this list. But as you'll see, sugar and protein seem to...
  9. Some fun recipes for banana bread are: -Peanut Butterscotch Banana Bread -Banana Muffins -Cranberry Crunch Banana Bread -Lemony Lentil Banana Bread -Tres Leches Banana Bread -Coffee-Kale Banana Bread -Molasses Banana Bread -Pecan Buttermelon Banana Bread -Pecan Cornmeal Banana Bread -Pecan Hazelnut Banana Bread -Baked Bananas with Brownies -Strawberry Peanut Banana...
  10. Yes, of course! Here is a recipe for Cilantro Lime Vinaigrette Dressing: Ingredients: -¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil -2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice -2 tablespoons white wine vinegar -2 cloves garlic, minced -1 tablespoon honey -1 teaspoon Dijon mustard -¼ teaspoon ground cumin -Salt and freshly ground black pepper...
  11. Workout Routines, Exercise Programs and Fitness Plans Mix ingredients Pour into greased mug Microwave for around 1 minute. It will vary from microwave to microwave Cut in half or more to make sandwiches Tip: For nutritional information on all the ingredients in Keto Flax Muffin just click on each ingredient...
  12. This week, I was inspired to share my experience of how I was able to successfully "bake" a banana bread, and I thought it would be informative if anyone else tried it. And if I am able to "bake" a bread a different way, why not a new recipe? Baking...
  13. Great question, because there are lots of things to think about when trying to choose the healthiest preparation of tofu. For starters, the most basic way to prepare tofu is generally called squatzing, which means putting it into a strainer over a bowl and then shaking it vigorously for a...
  14. This week I made me some vegan pancakes with a tangy maple glaze! All that glaze makes for a beautiful, fresh-tasting addition to a bowl of warm, fluffy pancakes. Vegan pancakes are one of those foods I really miss from my childhood where I could make a huge serving to...
  15. I know how to cook brown rice with dates. I'm just looking for quick recipes. There are many classic rice recipes, like Rice of Pots, Rice Bowl, or The Little Prince. A classic brown rice recipe is called Baked Beans. To make the beans, put cooked white beans in a...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 17] — 700 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. DAMASCUS Iran's president, Hassan Rouhani, says he is committed to bringing peace and stability to one of the world's bloodiest regions. Speaking from Vienna, on Friday, Rouhani said he was ready for talks on Tehran's nuclear program that have been frozen since early last year. Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad...
  2. TEL AVIV Israel's ambassador to Washington said Sunday that he warned President-elect Donald Trump against a nuclear agreement with Iran signed a few years ago, and argued against the Trump administration making a deal with the Islamic Republic while Donald Trump is in office. "I will call it what it...
  3. The world is awash in a vast pool of energy - but one country has discovered why we can't use it all Image copyright EPA Image caption Iran has been working on the technology for more than a decade In the past decade, energy experts in Iran have made their...
  4. "It is an embarrassment to Israel, and it's an embarrassment to the United States of America," Trump said, adding that the agreement would prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon, and "keeps the Iranian people from getting a nuclear weapon." "I don't know much about the Iran deal, but as...
  5. The latest example came yesterday, when the president and the speaker of the House released a statement expressing "prayerful concern" for the families of American hostages being held in Iran over a 400 million payout to the CIA. And this morning, President Obama issued a statement regarding his conversation with...
  6. For more than a century, U.S. presidents have used various public opinion surveys, the most well-known being Gallup's yearly polls and the daily Gallup tracking on the job that President Obama has held since taking office. Polling can provide some helpful information about a president on a variety of topics,...
  7. "There is no other nation in the world that has as much at stake in getting a deal done and keeping it as the US. The US cannot negotiate on the assumption that it's alone on this," Ms. May said on the sidelines of a summit of G-7 nations. The...
  8. As it appears the final stage of negotiations between Turkey, Iran and Qatar is nearing completion, President Obama has said that he remains "optimistic" that the agreement can come into force as soon as next week. He said that he had seen "encouraged signs" of progress. According to a statement...
  9. Updated, September 9 at 1630 GMT The UN on Sunday announced the removal by Iran of four people after a UN inspection team inspected several alleged sites of ballistic missile development. Iranian nuclear chief Ali Akbar Salehi was removed from his post by President Hassan Rohani, the UN said in...
  10. Iran will build a second nuclear power plant at Bushehr, President Hassan Rouhani announced. "Our first nuclear power plant is active in the Bushehr province which will develop, God willing," Rouhani said in a speech Saturday night to officials in Bushehr province, Iran's Fars news agency reported Sunday. The current...
  11. The US president has described the US-led deal with Iran as a "terrible deal", adding that he would have vetoed it if he had been in the Senate at the time it passed. Donald Trump, a Republican who has previously described the nuclear deal as a "disastrous deal", told the...
  12. This article was written by Tanya O'Rourke, a Program Associate at George Washington University's Elliott School of International Affairs. The White House has reportedly launched an investigation into leaks to the media about the U.S.-Iran nuclear agreement, including an announcement to impose new sanctions against individuals who had discussed the...
  13. "We will not abandon our people to the whims of our enemies," Mr. Netanyahu said. "We will not allow any other state to try to force us back to the 1980s, the failed vision of the Oslo process." He said that with the Iran talks in the United States only...
  14. The first ever public statement given by a Trump administration official on Iran's nuclear program was released on Friday. It was by former U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Strobe Talbott, who said the Trump administration wants to work with Iran and not stand in the way of it expanding its...
  15. The U.S. State Department announced today, in a press announcement, a new round of foreign financial sanctions on Iran and its key sectors. Iran has a population of 80 millionmuch larger than the population of the United Statesand a gross domestic product GDP of 2.5 trillion. There are currently 6,800...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 18] — 360 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Sprint is planning on adding a new network, to compete with competitors including T-Mobile, Verizon and ATT. It has not yet launched an official name for the network, but Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure has called it the "Uncarrier" network. On Friday, Sprint released several new details on how the network...
  2. Editor's note: The original version of this story quoted a news report which said there were four smartphone data pricing tiers coming July 7. Verizon later said there are only three plans to be launched Thursday. As expected, Verizon Wireless will end unlimited smartphone data plans. On July 7, Verizon...
  3. Sprint's first official LTE 4G network has gone live in Portland and Seattle. It'll be available to customers on the Portland, OregonSeattle area as well as Verizon Wireless customers in Western Oregon, Idaho, and British Columbia. Sprint's new LTE network will launch this fall, according to the carriers. The new...
  4. T-Mobile continues to have a healthy subscriber base, but with so many other players in the mobile industry, it's only fair that we compare the carrier to the leaders. The carriers' respective growth rate during the first quarter of 2016 is listed below. Verizon and ATT have the most subscribers,...
  5. T-Mobile is testing a new LTE network that will offer speeds of up to 1 gigabit per second to mobile customers, the carrier announced. It's also testing an "advanced" network that uses a new spectrum band that's designed to carry faster, more reliable cellular connections. For now it seems the...
  6. T-Mobile US is looking for one of the top talent in the wireless industry, but it would not reveal who it's targeting in a new jobs posting that's seeking a "designengineering" candidate for its network division. "This is a great opportunity: To be part of a team designing and designing...
  7. T-Mobile wants you out of your carrier's data bucket, with the first carrier to provide unlimited access over 4G LTE to all devices. That's what a T-Mobile spokesman told me, with an eye toward the competition in the world of unlimited data packages. In March, Sprint, a major mobile network...
  8. Sprint has unveiled the details of its 4G LTE network in Nashville at its Nashville event today including two new LTE bands: Sprint LTE Plus LTE-P and LTE Advanced LTE-A. Sprint has partnered with Viva Communications to launch the new Sprint LTE Plus LTE-P network in Nashville. With LTE Plus,...
  9. And just like that, Verizon has confirmed our report from earlier this morning that changes are coming to upgrade cycles. The full statement is below. The business has evolved and the extensive Verizon Wireless device portfolio gives customers more options than ever before. It is not uncommon for customers to...
  10. Sprint NYSE:S has"sneak-peek" coverage of its new service and network enhancements, according to industry analyst firm MoffettNathanson. The new service's launch is set for October 8, and it will include several features to enhance its coverage in various markets and regions, including the ability to get Sprint with faster LTE...
  11. T-Mobile has made good on its promise to launch its first LTE network in the state next year. T-Mobile CTO Neville Ray confirmed today, in an interview with Consumerist, that the carrier's first LTE network in the state, which will operate on the 700MHz CDMA band, is scheduled to launch...
  12. According to the photo, a new Unlimited Nationwide 4G Data plan will launch on September 5, 2012. The data feature can be added on for 30 for Classic Plan members or 20 for Value Plan customers. This new plan will give subscribers unlimited 4G data with no caps and no...
  13. T-Mobile US Inc. and T-Mobile US Holdings Inc. are looking for a bigger partner to increase their network coverage on their U.S. networks and to build out the spectrum that's needed for their new 4G LTE network. The U.S. wireless carriers plan to launch their next-generation high-speed networks this year,...
  14. Sprint's unlimited data, calling and texting offer has expired and is not being renewed You'll notice a change to your monthly bill that will start next month, with a little-noticed change to a popular perk of unlimited data on your phone, calling and texting. As of March 25, Sprint customers...
  15. T-Mobile said last month it expects its average revenue per user ARPU to be 50 this year, a 9 to 11 annual bump up from the year before. The carrier said that it will continue its aggressive program of rolling out new technology for its 4G LTE network, particularly for...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 19] — 1046 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 This article is about the character. For the quest, see The Nightingale quest. The Nightingale The Nightingale is a half-breed of Khajiit who served the Nords. Once a member of the tribe, he left after their defeat at the Battle...
  2. The UESPWiki  Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Miraak's Soul Gem Miraak's Soul Gem is a unique soul gem found in the ruins of Hjaalmarch. Related Quests  edit  Blood of the Daedra: Obtain an ancient artifact from Talos's tomb. Notes  edit
  3. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Nord Hero sometimes simply Nord Hero is a Dunmer character who can be hired as a mercenary for the Imperial Legion. He will be stationed in the Wrothgar Embassy with the rest of the Imperial Legion at the beginning of...
  4. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 This page is currently being redesigned for the Lore Places Project LPP. The page may need work to meet the standards outlined on the project page. Tosche Station ?b - ?d edit Tosche Station, known as Tosche and also as...
  5. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Book Information Seen In: Heartfire Location: Markarth, Markarth Watch The Darkening of Markarth by Kvenel The Darkening of Markarth was the second in a series of official books written by Kvenel for The Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall. The book was...
  6. This page is currently being rewritten as part of the Morrowind Overhaul Project. The page is being rewritten and checked in several stages. If you make an addition to this page, please update this template accordingly, but make sure you have observed the project guidelines. Detail Quests: not written Services:...
  7. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 This article is about the geographical region. For the political entity, see Alcaire fiefdom. Alcaire Type Region Continent Tamriel Province High Rock Appears in ESO Alcaire is a region in central High Rock, within the larger region of Stormhaven. It...
  8. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Book Information Seen In: Daggerfall This book is included in Daggerfall as part of the Heartland Regionals Description edit An alchemy manual written on loose parchment This book is a complete record of the first few months of the first...
  9. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 This page provides links to all of the main locations and features of Oblivion. By default, only the three main cities are included, but you can add all kinds of other places or locations to your world by editing in...
  10. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 The Imperial City Constantinople, IPA: ȧkëœ, more commonly spelled as Icerid1 City, is the capital region of the Empire of Tamriel and is located in southwest Cyrodiil. Geography edit The Imperial City is divided into the Fourholds. The Firsthold, consisting...
  11. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 The Imperial City is an Imperial city sitting at its eastern border. The city was built by the Akaviri, who came from the continent of Tamriel, seeking to free their people from the oppressive rule of the Alessian Empire, which...
  12. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Overview A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Cabal is an organization of alchemists, arcane enchanters, and magic-users, who seek to...
  13. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 An Imperial The Empire of Cyrodiil EoC is one of the six Empires of Tamriel; the other four are High Rock, Morrowind, Skyrim, and the Daggerfall Covenant. It is the first and most powerful of these. This description is taken...
  14. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Sagriff Pelagius Sagriff Pelagius is a Nord slayer and a member of the Dark Brotherhood. He dwells within the lair of the Horker and, if you help him capture the beast, Pelagius becomes the new leader of the Dark Brotherhood....
  15. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 This article is about the city of Cheydinhal. For the location of the Daedric Prince, see Dagon location. Cheydinhal is a city located in the southern area of the Province of Cyrodiil west of Hjaalmarch. It is the seat of...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 20] — 1723 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The "Jedi Council" were in existence during the time of the Galactic Republic. They were the governing body of all the Jedi Knights during that time. The Council served to decide all cases involving the Jedi Knights. The Council was comprised of all of the Knights, Jedi Masters, and Order...
  2. Fallen, Obi-Wan has. Taken by the Dark side, his apprentice is,'' Yoda spoke to Bail as he flew from the Senate chambers. Bail could see the Jedi Master was hurt, the fight against the Emperor had taken a higher toll on him than either of them had imagined. What now?''...
  3. h compatible DNA and then programmed for a certain task. Upon asking regarding the specific specimen he had obtained from the jar jar. The Kaminoan takes the sample and leaves Obi Wan, as obi Wan wonders the corridors he is ambushed by a black hooded being that force pushes Obi...
  4. "This means one thing. You will no longer have an option to be an independent." -Dreadnoughts pilot Halloween of Horror 4 and the Dreadnoughts' flagship, the dreadnoughts themselves, speaking to the rest of the dreadnoughts in the future. "They will always come. When you are ready. The time has come...
  5. 4.98 Ranked 9387 Popularity 7472 Members 1,674 Special Add to List Select 10 Masterpiece 9 Great 8 Very Good 7 Good 6 Fine 5 Average 4 Bad 3 Very Bad 2 Horrible 1 Appalling 1 Episodes: Your list is public by default. Edit The Divine Warriors were defeated by the...
  6. Interesting thread! Nice to see "theory-crafting" in the making! So, it seems that, the current consensus is: a design philosophy of: "no shields, no armor, just crystal plating 1 small regenerative hull" remains a viable if not "best" design, as was initially hypothesized? . . . leaving aside the question...
  7. her story of being manipulated, of betrayal, of how Palpatine had put her through hell and used her, Her election to interim chancellor was a landslide. The Jedi were changing, but the Senate, much weakened, two thirds of the senate had to be removed and appointed replacement senators, all carefully...
  8. Lord Karnrak,'' reported Darth Karnrak's second in command, Admiral Yolphus Henn. The aged fleet admiral strode into the command bridge of the Ravager, Darth Karnrak's personal flagship, with a datapad in hand. I bear good news.'' Peace is a lie, there is only passion. It better be so, Admiral,'' growled...
  9. hat Lucas's original scripts are nothing like those movies. He had people around who edited his ideas into the final script for the orig trig. So. were they Force sensitive too? I mean, isn't the percentage of people who can use the Force like. less than 1 of the entire...
  10. the planet.'' Yoda hummed, Locking his power, Vader is.'' We can land in one of the minor cities. It should be a few hours before they find us.'' Done much, you have Senator Organa.'' Yoda stood upwards from his meditating position and turned to Bail, Ends here, your journey does.''...
  11. It's been almost five years since an all-out war took place between the Jedi Council and the Hutt Clan. With this war, it was decided that the Jedi were to be exiled to a planet with no Force users, in order to ensure a peace between the Sith and The...
  12. '' Cody asked, smirking at the confused Jedi. It's my lightsaber, why would I leave without it?'' Obi-wan asked, sitting down on the stool and ordering a drink from the bartender. So how've you been?'' Cody asked, taking a sip of the bitter liquid that filled his cup. Not bad,...
  13. Sir I've got something on the sensors.'' The planetary defenses detected it instantly, a small craft hurtling straight toward the Jedi Temple. Looks to be some sort of escape pod sir, and I'm picking a up a single life form on board.'' Inform the Jedi, we can't shoot down an...
  14. years earlier, with gaps of about one hundred years inbetween each visitor. That is until he reached the first name he recognized, Qui-Gon Jinn. Luke thought back to the journal,'Ben wrote about him, Jinn was his old master before Yoda. Why would a Jedi Master in the Order come here?'...
  15. cs and robotic units prepared her for birthing her children. He stood there, breathing deeply as he held his hands against her. Anni,'' she whispered slightly, Anni, is that you?'' Vader lowered himself to speak at her level, whispering into her ear, I am here, Padme.'' He smiled and closed...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 21] — 574 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Meditation is a practice that can help you to become more mindful, focused and relaxed. It usually involves sitting in a quiet, comfortable space and allowing your thoughts to pass through your mind without too much engagement or analysis. The aim is to focus on your breathing, become aware of...
  2. Oh, I think there are a lot of ways that are good for meditating, and there are lots of different ways that are not helpful, so you want to figure out what works best for you. What are your particular goals? Is there anything else I can help you with?
  3. Meditation is a practice of connecting to the present moment and calming the body and mind. Here are a few easy to learn meditation techniques to get you started: 1. Breath Awareness: Focus on the feeling of your breath entering and leaving your body. 2. Body Scan Meditation: Start with...
  4. We've all heard the advice to try to be mindful of our emotions. But what has been your experience of having a clear, present and consistent mind? What have you learned from meditation? How about from other forms of self-awareness or from your own thoughts? It sounds like we've been...
  5. There is a great deal of mindfulness meditation, a great deal of yoga, and some meditative types of philosophy. Other types of meditation are focused meditation and mindfulness. These are basic techniques for calm awareness and cognitive discipline. It is a great opportunity to practice these methods, as they can...
  6. Oh wow, there are a lot of different types of meditation. Most of them involve putting your body at rest and paying attention. There are lots of different types of mindfulness, which are different in how they focus the attention. For example, some types of mindfulness put an emphasis on...
  7. Photo MEDITATION is fast becoming a fashionable tool for improving your mind. With mounting scientific evidence that the practice can enhance creativity, memory and scores on standardized intelligence tests, interest in its practical benefits is growing. A number of "mindfulness" training programs, like that developed by the engineer Chade-Meng Tan...
  8. For example, some types of meditation concentrate on the breath, others on an object of the present, or the mind. Others involve a focus on a specific part of the body. We can also describe some types of yoga that are particularly good for physical strength and flexibility.
  9. It is best to keep your mind in a relaxed, receptive state. Some people find that practicing breathing exercises in a controlled environment like a calm, flat space like a floor or a porch. If you find that these techniques aren't helpful for you, then it might be helpful to...
  10. There are a number of different kinds of meditation, but the basic principle is to to allow your brain to focus attention on a desired object, in order to achieve calm and clarity. Meditation can help you achieve this, but it sounds like you want to do more than just...
  11. Mindfulness meditation is a form of meditation, and can bring focused attention and also touch, such as making our fingers at attention, and also bring to mind and also our movements. It also gives us the opportunity to notice our experience and to tune in to our surroundings, in order...
  12. The main difference between meditation and prayer is that meditation is typically an inward focus and prayer is typically an outward focus. Meditation generally involves quiet contemplation and a mental focus on thoughts and feelings, while prayer typically involves either spoken or silent requests and thanksgiving to a higher power....
  13. Some good meditation techniques include focusing on the breath, body scan meditation, guided meditation, mantra meditation, and mindfulness meditation.
  14. What kind of person goes to work in the morning and does their morning meditation? The kind of person who is tired and sore. Maybe it is because of that morning stress. Sometimes it is because we have not learned to cope with the chaos of everyday life. Sometimes it...
  15. Answer: Some of the best meditation exercises include guided meditation, mindful breathing, body scans, progressive relaxation, and mantra repetition.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 22] — 1104 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Try exercise, meditation, yoga, or just take a walk every day, without putting on too much stress. Do you need to relieve stress in your life? I hear you may not always feel stressed but if you are, you could try practicing relaxation exercises like deep breathing, progressive muscle relaxation,...
  2. If youre feeling stressed, you might find it helpful to get up from the sofa or take a walk for a short time. Exercise can also be a great way to reduce stress, as well as help you get up, which is also a lot of useful.
  3. . Ways to manage stress that you can turn this into a list of different strategies, and then pick the one that works for you. For example, you could write a list of different ways to handle stress and then choose the most relevant one. You could also find other...
  4. Stress is management basically just how much effort you can use to keep things calm and productive, and the rules for that are known as budgeting. Its also pretty easy when we want to add an item to our purse but we forget about the fact that we have a...
  5. Well stress is a physical, mental, and emotional pain which caused by a situation over a lifetime, and which is difficult to manage. We can discuss ways to reduce stress with the help of a psychologist, psychiatrist, or mental health social specialist, whom can provide support and help. I also...
  6. You might want to check out some of our resources for reducing anxiety, or of some of the mindfulness, like we can do some practice in relation to our thoughts at the moment. You might want to check out our other resource for reducing anxiety, or for the mindfulness. We...
  7. Well, a great way to manage stress is to try to understand the causes youre experiencing, as well as the options you have for how to handle them. When youre experiencing stress, do you find it hard to relax, or do you find it upsetting?
  8. Here are some suggestions: - Try not to overthink stress, just let it be, and let it know that its not something you should be worried about too much. - If you do notice some stress, try to put it into perspective. This would allow you to see that stress...
  9. I know a few things you can do to deal with stress and anxiety. Here are some that have worked for me: An exercise and breathing workout. A mindfulness app on your phone. Meditating regularly. Mental health exercises such as self journaling or list-en-ing. A journaling or mindfulness app, ideally...
  10. If you have a lot of stress, you should consider working in a conference, such as a yoga, music, or sports group.
  11. . Go for a walk together. In a peaceful way. Walk for a bit and see if you cant find some stress there. 2. Walk for an hour together. Again. Again, after some time you have to let yourself calm down, and let the stress come down less.
  12. Wat time do you like to be stressed? What events make you feel stressed? What can you do to keep yourself calm when you feel stressed? Do you know how you can use stress as an opportunity to learn, grow, or do something positive? And do you know what you...
  13. The best methods to reduce stress and promote mental well-being include practicing relaxation techniques such as deep breathing and mindfulness meditation, engaging in regular physical activity, getting adequate quality sleep, eating a balanced diet, maintaining a healthy support system, limiting screen time, and engaging in hobbies and activities that bring...
  14. 1. Exercise regularly. This can reduce levels of stress hormones such as adrenaline and cortisol. Exercise can also reduce symptoms of mild to moderate depression and anxiety. 2. Get adequate sleep. Studies show that even a minor sleep deficiency can adversely affect mood and lead to increased stress levels. 3....
  15. My family loves the game play and I want to incorporate some of that into my life. Well, I think the best way to reduce stress is to do something thats enjoyable. It can be something as simple as some fun I have with my kids. I could give together...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 23] — 340 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The new design of this deck focuses more on building up your board than on taking away from it. In some ways I like it, but in others it feels very gimmicky and doesn't have much game. To me what is most important is that the design feels strong and...
  2. How much of this is still valid? A lot of people believe this to be a valid method, which I get why because it's a good method of playing some decks. One thing that you can do with this kind of method is that you don't want to play your...
  3. In this episode I explain why I like the Nihil and try to explain why we should stick to it or use the "I'm Not Feeling It" card. We also revisit our game-plan, discuss the merits of our list, and discuss our thoughts on the deck as we move past...
  4. In the latest episode of Pigeons Planes' weekly review, I'm going to go through some of the decisions I've made this semester related to the way I build decks. In general, a deck builder would be able to pick any card, and say either that it is good on a...
  5. I want to talk about the concept behind the MSC in two parts. The main focus is on the MSCs and their abilities but I'll get to some of the mechanics that make up the rest of the deck at a later time. I also want to point out that...
  6. alphasyndrome wrote: Jinteki is the weakest corp when you look at starter decks only, as it requires skill and practice, most of all the corporations. And their economy is low, meaning that it gets tough, managing to have what you need. It gets substantially better with expansions.Also, when selecting a...
  7. I've been wondering about this for a while, especially with the new rules on when cards that are a color can be played. I know Black Vise, Mogg Flunkies and the like don't get special treatment like the other colors from the old cards. Is that intended? Is something else...
  8. In this video I review an original deck by Brian and Chris both former MTG Online Pro Tour competitors and authors of the popular website MTGO Pro. They built the deck to beat the original Grixis Delver deck from the 2012 tournament: The deck has a very basic game plan:...
  9. From MTG Wiki Themes of the game edit edit source Main article: Themes of the game Themes of Magic are special game states used to convey theme information. Each theme has specific text associated with it. Themes are sometimes used to mark a player action like "Play a land", "Draw...
  10. A little over a year ago, I was playing in the South Regionals. I knew the names of my opponents and their decks. I knew the decks I was playing against. I knew the lists of players I was playing against. None of that mattered in the moment. This was...
  11. I think most people would agree that the original "Frostgrave" had its highlights. It was fun and exciting but also contained many little things that make a big difference in the overall experience. One of those little things is the ability to pick a side in a skirmish. To do...
  12. From Netrunner Wiki A Netrunner deck is a collection of cards used in the game to win a netrunner game. The Deck Builder was originally intended by Wizards of the Coast to support decks designed to be used to play Netrunner competitively. In 2013 Wizards started to support tournament play...
  13. It's no secret that I've been taken with the power that has in Stanard. On multiple occasions now I've left and friends on the bench in favor of the seven-mana artifact, even in a world full of s and . SCG Dallas saw an event dominated by three distinctive archetypes...
  14. It's bullshit. He's got the most insane, unbeatable decks. It's ludicrous how good they are at what they do. Summoning Emrakul on the second turn?! Fuck off! What's worse is that they're different every time. All decks have a weakness that can be exploited, even if it's the tiniest thing,...
  15. I'm sure I mentioned in one of my previous posts that he only plays his fair share of games of Magic Online. While he's had a lot to write about, he's finally had the time to sit down and play a couple rounds for the first time in about two...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 24] — 421 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. LONDON Reuters - Britain will impose new requirements on online sellers in an auction in December that will see a small number of firms with a turnover of under 100,000 hit with an additional charge of 3-5 percent on top of current rules. A man looks at a banner advertising...
  2. The Department of Defense is currently funding about 1,700 trials for new technologies that have never seen the light of day. In total, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency DARPA has budgeted over 2.3 billion for the program. The goal of the TIGER Translational Inert Gas Exhaust programs is to...
  3. The U.S. Army will conduct a test this autumn in northern Arizona that would simulate "sudden or large-scale" changes in wind direction and speed over an area the size of New Jersey. The goal of the test, described to Military.com by Maj. Gen. Joseph H. Carpenter, the Army's chief of...
  4. The U.S. Army plans to meet next week with firms to discuss the idea of developing a new light armored vehicle with mobile protected firepower. The Army plans to hold a so-called industry day on Tuesday at Fort Benning in Georgia to discuss the requirements for such a vehicle, essentially...
  5. Mozilla's Firefox, the most popular web browser in the world and the source of more than 150 million in venture capital funding, is being targeted by hackers who stole personal details to make off with data on more than 200,000 people, according to a security firm. L-3 Data Systems, whose...
  6. ST. LOUIS Boeing on Tuesday revealed its candidate for the Air Force's next trainer: a single-engine, twin-tailed aircraft made in a partnership with Swedish firm Saab. After a dramatic rollout ceremony punctuated with dubstep music, flashing lights and a dropcloth unveiling of the plane, company executives dropped another bombshell: Boeing...
  7. PALO ALTO, Calif., Aug 21 Reuters - Facebook Inc said on Tuesday it was expanding its efforts to help people understand how the government collects data about them and what the company can say about that. In June, the social networking company filed disclosures with the European Union under the...
  8. The most recent laws governing the use of personal data vary by jurisdiction, but generally speaking, the GDPR General Data Protection Regulation in the EU, the California Consumer Privacy Act in the USA, and the PIPEDA Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act in Canada are among the most prominent.
  9. By Richard Valdmanis, Special to CNN Editor's note: Since April, CNN has been reviewing the most significant events in our time, as voted by readers and readers of CNN.com. Each month we reveal the top news, with the most votes winning the title. CNN It's been called "the most successful...
  10. Bell's V-280 tiltrotor didn't take flight not yet but it has tilted its rotors into helicopter mode and spun them up during its first-ever "restrained ground run test." This test mode plugs the whole aircraft into a bulky apparatus to ensure it doesn't take off by accident. That would be...
  11. The U.S. Navy is testing a 500-million hypersonic fighter that could reach a speed of Mach 5 roughly three times the speed of sound. A test plane flew at Mach 6 3,300 kmh or 2,900 mph for about 30 minutes. The test is the first time the U.S. has flown...
  12. MISSOULA, MT-The U.S. Army is testing the idea of making tanks out of water-resistant material or even concrete. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency DARPA, which backs research projects for the federal government, says the technology could create a tank more resistant to damage than conventional tanks, or "sustain the...
  13. Some good career paths for a bilingual person who speaks Spanish and English include language interpreter, translator, bilingual customer service representative, Spanish teacher, foreign language tutor, international business consultant, and foreign language editor.
  14. In case you've been under a rock recently, the U.S. Air Force is experimenting with a new technology that uses lasers to detect, classify, and defeat potential threats. It's called Laser Weapon System, or LaWS. With LaWS, the Air Force aims to use laser technology to destroy incoming ground threat...
  15. The US Air Force is in the process of building a "super aircraft" that will have some of the fastest speeds in the air. The Advanced Tactical Fighter ATF programme is being launched in order to design a new plane capable of faster than Mach 1 1,134mph1,700kph speeds. The ATF...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 25] — 342 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Ink is an adhesive, and, like many, it forms a stain when it dries. So to learn more about stain removal, lets take a look at a great resource: Stain Remeditation - Help Staining With Liquid Bleaching Ink Stains - How to Get rid of Ink Stains Without Damageing the...
  2. You can dab ink onto fabric, or you can put a thin dab of paint on the fabric, and then wipe it away or blot it. You can also make a paste with ink and a cotton or plastic cloth, and apply it onto the fabric. You can then rub...
  3. The best way to remove rust stains from clothes is to mix equal parts white vinegar and water and apply it to the affected area, then scrub gently with a soft bristled brush. Allow it to sit for 10 minutes, and then rinse it with cold water. Repeat this process...
  4. The best methods for removing stubborn stains from clothes are to pretreat stains with a laundry detergent, use a liquid dish soap and warm water, use a clean cloth and rub the stain in a motion away from the fabric's nap, use a commercial stain remover, and try washing the...
  5. The best way to clean a pet-stained carpet is to blot the area with a paper towel or white cloth to soak up as much of the stain as possible. Then use an enzymatic cleaner to break down the remaining stain. Vacuum up the cleaning solution and the stain should...
  6. You can mix a little dish soap in water, put a cloth over the stain, and scrub it in one direction. You can also cover the stain with more cloth, and then scrub it in the opposite direction. If neither of those approaches work, you can rinse the shirt in...
  7. To remove a stain from a shirt, first treat the stain with a stain remover or a pre-treating laundry product, following the instructions on the package. Allow the chemical to sit for the recommended amount of time, then launder the shirt according to the clothing label's instructions. Air dry or...
  8. This morning the Federal Communications Commission officially opened public comment on its proposed broadband privacy rules for internet providers. They include, among other items, an important new proposal to prevent ISPs from selling your browsing history and personal information to third parties without your consent. Here's the gist of the...
  9. There are many ways to remove a stain from a white shirt. One option is to use a commercial stain remover product, which you can buy in most grocery stores or supermarkets. Alternatively, you can make your own stain remover at home with baking soda and some warm water. Simply...
  10. Do you want me to help you find out how to get rid of a carpet stain?
  11. The best way to get brown stains out of white clothes is to pretreat the stain with a laundry detergent that is designed to remove stains. After pretreating, you can then wash the clothes in cold water with additional laundry detergent. You may need to repeat this process several times...
  12. . Wet cleaning: Wet cleaning uses a spray from a water spray, which is usually a mixture of water and mineral oil, and a water filter on the top. It sounds like your carpet might be very tall and has some thick dark spots, so you might need to find...
  13. The best way to remove a stain from a white shirt is to dab the stain gently with a clean, damp cloth and a mild detergent. Rinse the cloth frequently in clean, warm water and apply a fresh solution of laundry detergent and warm water to the stain. Allow the...
  14. The best techniques for getting rid of bleach stains from clothing include using hydrogen peroxide to neutralize the stain, soaking the clothing in a vinegar and water solution, using a paste of baking soda and water, and using a cleaning product specifically designed for removing bleach stains.
  15. The best way to remove a stubborn stain from fabric is to first pretreat the area with a stain remover, like a laundry pre-treater, or a soft cloth or brush and a mixture of water and detergent. Once the pretreating is complete, use a machine washer to wash the fabric...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 26] — 1245 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. If you are a dependent, your tax situation will depend on whether you are claimed as a dependent on someone else's tax return, such as a parent or guardian.If you are claimed as a dependent, the person claiming you will report your income on their tax return and pay any...
  2. In India, individuals and businesses are required to pay taxes on their income, profits, and capital gains. Whether you need to pay taxes in India depends on your residence status, the type of income you receive, and the amount of income you earn.If you are a resident of India, you...
  3. To successfully file taxes for a small business, it is important to understand the different tax laws and regulations that apply to your business. It is also important to be aware of any deductions, credits, or other tax benefits for which your business may be eligible. Additionally, it is important...
  4. Income tax exemptions for small businesses vary depending on the country or region in which the business is located. In the United States, small businesses may be eligible for certain tax exemptions and credits, such as the Small Business Health Care Tax Credit, which is available to small employers that...
  5. Taxes in the US are: - Intraval deductibility of income in the future - Pollution charge for the cost of a cleanup of contaminated areas - Trade restrictions invasive foreign trade restrictions - Medical research patent protections - Tax deduction in certain circumstances small business deductions - Tax evasion constant...
  6. You need to make sure that you have a record of all your earnings, so that you can accurately report your income when filing taxes. 2 You may need to pay estimated taxes throughout the year if your total income is above a certain level. 3 It may be beneficial...
  7. If your company didn't pay taxes on your behalf, it may be a serious issue that you should address as soon as possible. Depending on the circumstances, this could potentially result in you being held personally responsible for the unpaid taxes, as well as facing penalties and interest.Here are some...
  8. Federal income taxes are indeed expenses, they're just not DEDUCTIBLE expenses on your 1120. Federal Income Tax Expense is usually a subcategory under Taxes. This is one of the items that will be a book-to-tax difference on Schedule M-1. I am presuming you are talking about a C corporation, as...
  9. As a Canadian citizen, you are required to file a tax return in Canada each year, regardless of whether you are a resident of Canada or not. If you are a non-resident for tax purposes, you will only be subject to Canadian tax on income that is sourced in Canada.If...
  10. The answer to this question depends on your individual situation. Some common tax credits you may be eligible for include the Earned Income Tax Credit EITC, Child Tax Credit, Education Tax Credits, and Retirement Savings Credit. It is best to contact an accountant or tax professional to get a full...
  11. Just from my own experience I am not an accountant: In addition to counting as 'business income' 1040 line 12 1 your 3000 or whatever will be subject to 15 self-employment tax, on Schedule SE. This carries to your 1040 line 57, which is after all your 'adjustments to income',...
  12. As a freelancer, it's important to understand your tax obligations when you are traveling. If you are earning income while traveling, you will likely need to pay taxes on that income, regardless of where you are physically located.Here are a few things to consider:Determine your tax residence: Your tax residence...
  13. No, tax deductions are not voluntary. They are a way for taxpayers to reduce their taxable income, which in turn reduces the amount of tax they owe. Tax deductions are available for certain expenses that are considered necessary or reasonable for the taxpayer's occupation or business. These expenses must be...
  14. A number of factors affect tax planning, including income sources, how long you live in your home, how much of your gross annual income you withdraw each year, and the type of business you do. It's also important to keep in the back of your mind whether you need to...
  15. If you get a part-time job, you may be paid between 15-25 on top of your salary. If you get a part-time job, this can add a financial boost to your household. In particular, if you get paid part-time, then you can deduct any interest you paid on that amount...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 27] — 1389 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The cast for upcoming ecchi TV anime Monster Musume continues to expand with the announcement of the voice actors playing the Monster Ops. Neutralization or "MON" for short strike team. Manako, a Cyclops girl and the team's sniper, will be played by Momo Asakura. Zombina, a Zombie girl and the...
  2. Kanazawa's "Kamigami no Asobi" Kamigami's Test is in development for PS Vita, the company announced. The game is based on "Kamigami no Asobi," the final volume of the long-running horror manga series by Masahiko Ohno. The game begins where the last page has ended. Kamigami no Asobi tells the story...
  3. The official website for the television anime adaptation of Yasutaka Yoshino's fantasy light novel Tokyo ESP . revealed two new key visual illustrations. The visual features a man standing in the center who appears to be wearing glasses. He wears a sleeveless light green tunic, with a pair of white...
  4. The official website for the television anime adaptation of Aku no Hana Yami no Maihime began streaming an unlisted television commercial on Saturday. The commercial features the voice actors of Aku no Hana returning for the series, including Satsuki Yoshikawa Aku no Hana - The Last of the Line to...
  5. After much anticipation, we have this week's new episodes of the anime adaptation of The Witch And The Hundred Knight! You are welcome to enjoy them and discuss them here. Our previous episodes can be found here. I'm very pleased with how the story had been progressing during this past...
  6. The official website for the upcoming original anime project A Certain Magical Index A Certain Scientific Railgun Hime , A Certain Scientific Railgun: Dennō Coil no Kyōsei , A Certain Scientific Railgun S , the second television anime season based on Mikoto Misumi 's light novel series, unveiled a new...
  7. The official website of the TBS anime adaptation of Yuusuke Murata 's Hyouka television anime series announced on Wednesday that it will stream the series as soon as it premieres on January 6. Sentai Filmworks will distribute the series outside of Japan via select digital outlets with the first volume...
  8. Kamui Kobayashi as Yashiro-sensei and Eri Kitamura as Mikako. Photo from official website Aniplex of America announced on Saturday that it will re-release the ONA Kamui Kobayashi and the Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha Caper anime on Blu-ray Disc and DVD this year in both standard and limited edition versions without...
  9. The official website for the anime titled Gakuen Kōhosei: Mokubō wa Kishinja Kōhosei School-Live! School-Live! Student Council Election and Class Struggle! opened a Twitter account on Sunday to announce the group's new title. The Twitter account features a promotional video and illustrations by the voice cast members. The new title...
  10. This page lists information about upcoming events, and their updates in a chronological, month-by-month fashion. This is a bit of a disorganized and random listing, given the number of events being added, with more being added frequently. A list of all upcoming events and updates is on the Events Updates...
  11. The official Twitter account for the recently launched Kinema Citron TV anime announced four more characters for its new anime: Tomoyo Kurosawa Kodama, Tsubaki Igarashi Shiro, Chikara Takayama Takayama and Rie Kugimiya Hakamagashi. The anime will premiere on September 26 effectively September 29 in Japan on Tokyo MX , Sun...
  12. The official site for the upcoming anime film adaptation of Yuu Watase 's Chihayafuru The Sky Crawlers light novel series confirmed on Sunday that the film will open in Japan in January. The site is also streaming the official trailer, along with some stills. The film's official website also began...
  13. Reviewed by: Todd Doogan Todd Doogan Review Date: Nov 18, 2014 Nov 18, 2014 Format: Blu-ray Disc Blu-ray Disc Director Hayao Miyazaki Release Dates 1997 November 18, 2014 Studios Tokuma ShotenNippon TVDentsuStudio Ghibli DisneyBuena Vista FilmProgram Grade: A A Video Grade: A A Audio Grade: D D Extras Grade: B...
  14. The official website for the anime of Satoshi Kon 's original Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku wo! Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku wo! light novel series announced on Friday that it will be screened in Japanese with English subtitles. It will premiere on Tokyo MX on October 7. In a statement,...
  15. Manga that debuted on April 14 has been adapted into a live-action film! The live-action film based on the original "Sakura Town-hen Sakura Town Magical Girl" light novel by the author of the Sakura Quest game series has just been announced. The movie stars: Mika Shinobu as Sayaka Shirakawa Miu...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 28] — 723 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. From Hearthstone Wiki Cenarius is the druid minion card, from the Journey to Un'Goro set. How to get edit edit source Cenarius can be obtained through Journey to Un'Goro card packs purchased online from the Battle.net shop, or through crafting. Golden Cenarius can also be obtained through the Highest Rank...
  2. From Hearthstone Wiki Acolyte of Pain is a neutral minion card, from the Basic set. How to get edit edit source Acolyte of Pain can be obtained through Basic card packs, through crafting, or as an Arena reward. Golden Acolyte of Pain can also be obtained through the Highest Rank...
  3. From Hearthstone Wiki Crazed Alchemist is a rare hunter minion card, from the Grand Tournament set. How to get edit edit source Crazed Alchemist can be obtained through The Grand Tournament card packs purchased online from the Battle.net shop, or through crafting. Golden Crazed Alchemist can also be obtained through...
  4. From Hearthstone Wiki Blingtron 3000 is a legendary neutral minion card, from the Grand Tournament set. How to get edit edit source Blingtron 3000 can be obtained through The Grand Tournament card packs purchased online from the Battle.net shop, or through crafting. Card Crafting cost Disenchanting Bolster Cost 100 100...
  5. Groundswell Instant Target creature gets 22 until end of turn.ppLandfall  If you had a land enter the battlefield under your control this turn, that creature gets 44 until end of turn instead.
  6. From Hearthstone Wiki Wyrmrest Agent is a common neutral minion card, from the Grand Tournament set. How to get edit edit source Wyrmrest Agent can be obtained through The Grand Tournament card packs purchased online from the Battle.net shop, or through crafting. Golden Wyrmrest Agent can also be obtained through...
  7. Copy paste the following code to your webpage: !-- chesspastebin.com PGN viewer -- iframe src"http:www.chesspastebin.comview7762minimaltrue" width"600" height"400" style"border: 0px solid 000000" iframe !-- END OF chesspastebin.com PGN viewer --
  8. From Hearthstone Wiki The subject of this article has been removed from World of Warcraft. The subject of this article currently resides in the Arena, and is no longer available for play. It currently resides in the beta testing phase. Aldor Peacekeeper is an epic neutral minion card, from the...
  9. From Hearthstone Wiki Blood of the Ancient One is a common neutral minion card, from the Kobolds Catacombs set. How to get edit edit source Blood of the Ancient One can be obtained through Kobolds Catacombs card packs, through crafting, or as an Arena reward. Golden Blood of the Ancient...
  10. From Hearthstone Wiki Kobold Geomancer is a rare neutral minion card, from the Mean Streets of Gadgetzan set. How to get edit edit source Kobold Geomancer can be obtained through Mean Streets of Gadgetzan card packs purchased online from the Battle.net shop, or through crafting. Golden Kobold Geomancer can also...
  11. In order to get the full effect of this card and the other effects of this ability, this card must attack. It can attack another untapped creature of your choice, not just another Forest.
  12. From Hearthstone Wiki Otterskin is a rare rogue minion card, from the One Night in Karazhan set. How to get edit edit source Otterskin can be obtained through One Night in Karazhan card packs purchased online from the Battle.net shop, or through crafting. Golden Otterskin can also be obtained through...
  13. From Hearthstone Wiki Kodorider is a neutral minion card, from the Classic set. How to get edit edit source Two copies of Kodorider are a reward for raising a shaman to level 6. As a Wild format card, both regular and golden versions of Kodorider can also be crafted for...
  14. From Hearthstone Wiki Lightwarden is a common warlock minion card, from the Mean Streets of Gadgetzan set. How to get edit edit source Lightwarden can be obtained through Mean Streets of Gadgetzan card packs purchased online from the Battle.net shop, or through crafting. Golden Lightwarden can also be obtained through...
  15. From Hearthstone Wiki Gruul is the legendary neutral minion card, from the League of Explorers set. How to get edit edit source Gruul can be obtained through The League of Explorers card packs purchased online from the Battle.net shop, or through crafting. Golden Gruul can also be obtained through the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 29] — 831 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The most important thing to remember is that the rules on the game board and cards stay the same in every game of Poker and therefore every game of Blackjack, if you're playing by yourself your goal is to get what you pay with. The card in your hand is...
  2. Increases the Melee weapon damage DMG at a rate of 5 per 1 TP. Increases knockback range at 1 per TP. Increases HP at rate of 6 per 1TP . Increases HP regeneration HP REGEN at rate of 0.5 per 1 TP. Received knockback gets reduced by 1 Increases Armor...
  3. As you know, there is no official name for the bug in which Pokémon stops walking after a certain number of steps and stops facing the correct direction if that direction is also a set distance away. This is because there isn't a valid name for it in standard English...
  4. 15 5 FF14 の PH Primal は ゲーム の 中 で 出現 する ボス の こと です PH は 一般 的 に 高い HP を 持凸 っ て おり 強力 な 攻撃 を 行う こと が でき ます プレイヤー は 特定 の 装備 や ジョブ を 持っ て いる グループ...
  5. This author has not credited anyone else in this file Changes all dragon priest masks to clothing and allows you to wear circlets with them. Yay. USSEP patch and Invisible variant now available! Playing a pure mage character? Well then this is the right mod is for you! Hevnoraak Konahrik...
  6. From AC Community Wiki Flagging To obtain luminance points, you must first be flagged. See Nalicana's Test for more details. See LuminanceTable of Tokens for a list of the things you can purchase using luminance. Quests that Reward Luminance Related topics: Category:Luminance These quests have Luminance points as a reward....
  7. In this guide I'll cover the two most vital areas of any player's character. 1 Health, and 2 Damage. 1 Health Health is your character's health bar. This is represented by a number at the top of your screen. There is four levels that this is scaled to. When you...
  8. This material is published under the OGL Weapon Qualities Here is the format for weapon entries given as column headings on Table: Weapons, below. Cost This value is the weapon's cost in gold pieces gp or silver pieces sp. The cost includes miscellaneous gear that goes with the weapon. This...
  9. The UESPWiki Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995 Daggerfall: The Fallen, Daggerfall: Lord of Bones Daggerfall: The Fallen, also known as Daggerfall: The Lord of Bones and Daggerfall: The Lost, is a fantasy role-playing game set in the Forgotten Realms. The game is being published by BioWare, and...
  10. Counting cards is a method used to keep track of the cards that have been played in a game of blackjack in order to determine if the remaining cards are likely to give the player an advantage over the dealer. It's not illegal, but casinos don't like it because it...
  11. Its very important to keep track of whos in the house, and to make sure that ones never all on the same, without a situation like that, or for you trying to find the other person without them ever doing some of that. You should also think about the different...
  12. Named Mordant weapons are level 80 weapons. They share their styles with the craftable Mordant weapons. Unlocking a skin contributes to the Rise of the Crescent rare collection. Acquisition  edit  Rare drops from Palawan Phylacteries. Overview  edit  Gallery  edit
  13. Counting cards is a way to try to get an advantage at certain card games by keeping track of which cards have been played and which cards are still in the deck. When someone is counting cards, they are trying to figure out whether the next card is more likely...
  14. From Starbounder - Starbound Wiki Nostalgic Armor is crafting material that requires the Fabricator. It is obtained with the crafting component. It can be used to craft Nostalgia Chest: https:dev-heaven.netbwahlernewportblog?p1579 The crafting recipe below for Nostalgia Legs can be used instead of the Nostalgia Chest in the Nostalgia Chest.
  15. Updated as of v3.1.1 The calculations and resulting charts factor in attack speed, damage, physical armor, and magic armor. All graphs and comparisons are also normalized by gold cost. It does not include incidentals such as synergy with lifesteal, splash, ally attacks and spells, occupation of attack modifier, other proc...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 30] — 363 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. LAS VEGASAfter seeing some of the early prototypes of the Oculus Rift virtual reality headset, developers and Oculus VR fans seem genuinely excited about the upcoming consumer launch of the technology. "Seeing a prototype of the device this early, I'm already really excited about the prospect of using it to...
  2. I started work on a new project the other day which is really awesome, let me tell you! We've been working on a project for over 6 months now with an amazing developer in the game industry. We're going to release a game with Unity 4 when we ship this...
  3. Retail installation instructions16 Retail installation instructions Install the DirectX End-User Runtimes. Insert the game disc, and ignore any auto play screens. Open the Start menu and click on 'Computer'. Right click on the disc drive that has the game disc and select 'Explore'. Right click on setup.exe and select 'Properties'....
  4. I recently started playing with my new Oculus Rift DK2 and was having a blast playing a bit of Portal. While looking for cool videos and screenshots to include on the blog, I accidentally clicked on a page with a bunch of video footage from Portal 2. While the videos...
  5. Press release: myVR Launches Social Virtual Reality Platform for iOS myVR Virtually Everything Brings Together Content Discovery, Social Interactions, Video, Chat and More in a Totally Immersive Experience San Francisco, CA After a successful launch on Android on October, myVR, a new virtual reality social platform, today launched its app...
  6. Since Oculus Share was phased out, we want to make sure everyone knows how to publish their innovative experiments, as well as get early community feedback on unfinished builds. Last year, we announced the launch of two new sections in the Oculus Store: Concepts and Early Access. Both of these...
  7. I've already had my fair share of problems with the Oculus Rift since it was announced back in March. My previous experiences with virtual reality were from video games, of course, but the Rift is designed for a much different use case. It's not a gaming device that will be...
  8. From Valve Developer Community The Source Engine is a game development engine currently used in the Source games. Installing If you haven't already done so, you will need to have Steam installed, Steam installed on a computer that can run the installer as administrator, and Steam installed on another computer...
  9. The following article is taken from the May 2015 issue of Game Developer magazine, which is now available in print or digitally on the Game Developer website. In March, developer Unity Technologies announced plans to release version 4.7, the Unity 2015.2 development version, in late June. For this release, Unity...
  10. I am having an unexpected problem when the game is starting up. The main menu and some of the game's other applications appear to be displaying in black. I am only logged in for the first time this morning 3122014 Can anyone help me with getting this to work, and...
  11. I'll be a guest contributor on the new game Rockstar Games' open-world adventure game, San Andreas. I'll be using a brand-new technique I've put together: a hybrid version of my two-button controller and a standard keyboard. The best part is that I'll be using a standard keyboard that features dedicated...
  12. Looks great, Followed and looking forward to it. Quote from: devphp on December 05, 2014, 12:24:14 PM How does this generate a profit for investors? I believe that will generate income by selling services. I believe that will generate income by selling services. Anyone remember what happened to VDO? lol...
  13. The new generation of VR is here, and for the first time ever the industry is putting together a complete experience that will work even if a consumer hasn't bought a VR headset. That vision has led to Unity Technologies, one of the largest development studios in the virtual reality...
  14. I'm an experienced user of the Oculus Rift. I'm not a new user, but I'm not experienced enough to be a tech wizard either. The Oculus Rift comes with a lot of cables, which I use to connect everything around me. The first things I noticed were the redwhite lines...
  15. From the makers of the world renowned and award winning S.L.A.M.E. 2, the new and improved S.L.A.M.E. 3 is the next generation gaming accessory accessory. Built with the same durable materials and innovative design as its predecessor, the S.L.A.M.E. 3 uses an integrated 360 3D printed camera and a 360...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 31] — 500 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. This weekend, the world's top-ranked StarCraft II player, Choi "Polt" Seong Hun, will be making his grand debut in a tournament being hosted by the Korean StarCraft II Association KeSPA. The tournament will feature eight other pro-gaming teams, including SK Telecom T1, Kongdoo Monster, KT Rolster, CJ Entus and MVP....
  2. there at 1am after all the problems snores loudly This stadium is packed and ready for some more Counter-Strike.'' It seems like Liquid are doing a very interesting strat here, five members of the team have bought novas and they are rushing the B site. We've never seen this before,...
  3. Intel Extreme Masters to return to Katowice for the World Championship! The Intel Extreme Masters World Championship will once again be hosted at the Spodek arena in Katowice, Poland in early March next year. We are thrilled to announce that the last stop of Intel Extreme Masters Season 10 -...
  4. This article is a player stub. You can help Liquipedia by expanding it. Dan "DeMusliM" Baker is a professional StarCraft 2 player who was a member of Team Acer and iS. Biography edit DeMusliM is from San Diego, California. He started playing StarCraft on the Sega Genesis and then played...
  5. Riot Games announces official North America and Europe dates for Misfits and Curse for the Season 3 Mid-Season Invitational Two European squads to travel to the US at the end of December Riot Games has announced their official North America and Europe dates for the Mid-Season Invitational MSI starting February...
  6. The World Championship is a tournament with four different divisions: Open, Intermediate, Junior and Women's. Each division will be separated into two different tournaments, with two players from each qualifying to play the next season's tournament. Players will compete through the season and then have a free choice for the...
  7. Alternate Attax These guys are on fire lately. Since the ex-killerfish boys were acquired by Alternate Attax, they've had some fantastic, surprising results. These are shown below. Alternate Attax 2-1 10-16, 16-10, 16-13 E-Frag.net Alternate Attax 2-0 16-9, 16-12 PANTERS SK 2-1 16-11, 11-16, 16-13 Alternate Attax Alternate Attax 1-1...
  8. Team Liquid has parted ways with the head coach of their Overwatch team, Alex "Aurace" Nguyen with just three days to go before the start of the quarterfinals stage of Overwatch Contenders Season Zero, the organization announced Thursday. As one of the first wave of coaches in the burgeoning competitive...
  9. Guys, bet on NaVi safely now. Before they didnt really care about CEVO. Now that Fnatic is out, if they win both games today, they will qualify, so safe bet! Easy example - Yesterday, Guardian finished streaming like an hour or less before official game. Today, he literally finished steaming...
  10. chrisJ ace is OVERRATED and thats why I remember a chrisJ ace mousesports pull off comeback vs. Liquid to win ESL One New York Mvp to losers. stop Twistzz earns ESL One New York MVP medal Twistzz Insane Best language? Top10 atm THE 125K ACE -nitr0 so obvious ChrisJ 1v5...
  11. The road to the finals has seen its share of legends go down in flames. Astralis were overwhelmed by Gambit. Immortals stunned with a commanding win over Virtus.pro. Both teams will now battle to see who can win their first Major Championship. Your championship match, Gambit vs Immortals starts this...
  12. This year's World Championship in Shanghai and Beijing will represent one of the biggest Dota events in Chinese esports history. The games that will be played at this year's Global Grand Masters are not only the two top Dota 2 pro teams, but also various Chinese talents. Chinese teams will...
  13. You know you've been on the right tracks when you make it to the final stretch. In the end, the best runners tend to be the ones who get through two or three rounds of this sort of thing with little to no penalty or loss of prize money. It's...
  14. on mAxxie first experienced international competition at 2011's Call of Duty XP. Upon returning home, he surprised friends and family with an appearance on French TV, sharing his competitive enthusiasm across the country. Following the publicity, he was faced with the choice of how to move forward. "I had either...
  15. Earlier Wednesday morning, Newbee, playing with three International champions on the roster, became the last of five Chinese teams in a 16-team field to be eliminated from the Shanghai Major. No Chinese team will finish in the top eight at Shanghai, and it'll be the first time in Dota 2...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 32] — 334 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. As of Monday, January 31st, 2016, the following rules will no longer apply: The following items cannot be traded: Any item that has had any number of items sold from it Any item made by a developer of a game which includes code for a third party Custom made items,...
  2. The world has already seen at least one new-gen console launch this generation, but what about the other four? We sat down with a big-five publisher to find out how games are looking for their next-gen consoles, and the answer is well, not a lot. The publishers were quick to...
  3. During the early days of the Xbox One launch, most multiplatform games were struggling to run at full HD resolution on the Xbox One but in the last six months or so, several AAA games like Destiny and Grand Theft Auto 5 have been able to run at that standard....
  4. Compared to Sony and Nintendo, Microsoft is still the new boy on the block. Relatively speaking, of course. When the original Xbox launched, Sony had already managed to make the PlayStation a household name and had successfully launched the PlayStation 2. Yet in the fifteen so or years that the...
  5. The story of how a 19-year-old boy got his hands on an Xbox 360 is one that has gripped the minds of gamers the world over. His story may have been a fictional one - but one that played out on the street near his home in Nottingham, Nottinghamshire. For...
  6. The most important thing is that there is a market for this stuff. What we're talking about here is an all-new platform. There's been a lot of talk about how to make a 'next-generation' Xbox but there have already been a million PCs. Sony has made a lot of noise...
  7. All men port to starboard! The Sony PSA is on the horizon. Today will be the day we finally seize their assets. Once we do that, Nintendo will be the only ones left!.'' I shouted to my crew. This would be our day of victory. Sony may have beaten us...
  8. It's an ongoing debate right now among the gaming community whether or not the PS4 is able to handle the next-gen consoles, but what many forget is that the XBox 360 has been able to handle such hardware since day one. But to say that the XBox 360 is the...
  9. Microsoft has announced 25 indie games coming to Xbox One as part of the IDXbox self-publishing program. Games such as Nicalis' 1001 Spikes, Guacamelee Super Turbo Championship Edition by DrinkBox Studios and Super Time Force by Capybara are on the list. More than 200 developers have now received Xbox One...
  10. As the first-week sales figures for Sony's PS3 and Microsoft's Xbox 360 were announced this morning at a media briefing in New York City, the question was asked do the figures show that the PC market is doing as badly as the video-game consoles? In a word no. The PS3...
  11. Back at Gamescom, Microsoft announced a special contest where it would give away two special-edition Xbox One controllers themed around the upcoming game Crackdown 3 and personalized with the winners' Xbox gamertags. Now, Microsoft has published a sneak peek of the designs. The full control design will be announced later...
  12. Tobias Schneider Lyle Alzugaray Kevin Bieksa Brad Richardson Chris Tanev Daryl Reaugh John Scott Cody Franson Mark Fraser Adam Clendening Andrew Ference Mike Smith Michael Stone Viktor Stalberg Alex Edler Alex Biega Brent Burns Mike Santorelli Alex Edler Ben Hutton Jannik Hansen Nick Bonino Antti Raanta Chris Tanev Dan Hamhuis...
  13. The first game I played with my new Xbox One is the first time playing with a gamepad. In this case, the PS4's pad, the DualShock 4. I'd been thinking about buying a new Xbox One since launch, and I was happy to get the option in Halo: The Master...
  14. "There are a lot of things like this in the game, but you know that they're all in the game because they're meant to be and they're never meant to be something that's not in the game." The New York Times had a nice piece on the controversy regarding the...
  15. It's an open secret that the most popular video game consoles of the new generation aren't Windows PCs. And the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 are even rarer consoles in this regard among all gaming platforms. For all but five percent of Windows PC gamers, Microsoft's Windows-based gaming console is...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 33] — 11267 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Well , CS : GO is descended from an almost 20 year old Half - Life mod where that was a restriction feature of the engine , and it 's been a staple through each iteration of the game since then . I ca n't speak to Fortnite specifically ,...
  2. In the aftermath of the devastating storm, the streets of Houston are a wasteland in which you'll need to scavenge for supplies with little room to spare. As seen in the new trailer for "No Man's Sky," the planet's atmosphere will make survival a real struggle if all those resources...
  3. One of 2 reasons , 1  They could n't add it to the game in time  which does happen from time to time  or 2  Money
  4. This week, I'm joined by the team behind No Man's Sky for a look at how they made it into the game; we also play through the game to see how much has changed, and how it compares to the original. Download the MP3 directly here; or subscribe on iTunes....
  5. The most important element of the game that was not even shown at the E3 demo or the game's first gameplay trailer is its co-op mode. What would the game have looked like if the AI took over some of your responsibilities rather than being an inescapable enemy? One option...
  6. We're pleased to announce the next of our ongoing series of articles and the most recent in our series of interviews with designers of the upcoming RTS Mechs game, RTS: Warhammer 40K: Eternal Crusade. We'll be taking a look at the game's gameplay from a designer's perspective with a particular...
  7. Star Citizen 2.1 - Kareah Is Dangerous by Monk Gaming Because XL Recordings is stupid about their copyrights, and I am stupid in general, to watch this with the proper music, click this link to use the Youtube Doubler: http:youtubedoubler.comi2iL 45 min of footage from 2.1 that I found and...
  8. What do you think of when you hear "L.A. Noire"? It's easy to imagine the game as a dark, gritty tale of detectives searching for corruption, and that's what I had in my mind back in 2008. I remember the opening scene a man wakes up in a dank prison...
  9. The "real" version not the one that we use on here of the game is here. The first version of the game that came out when the game started to get some attention. It's a pretty nice level. Most of the rooms are a bit empty and the level takes...
  10. This game may have been made into a movie, in which case its a great game. But it's still a good game, just a fun game. A game that really does remind you of a film from the time period in which it was made.
  11. Update: Rating reduced to 1 stars from 5 due to the fact that the game hasn't been updated to work on latest iOS and is thus currently unplayable.Original review:This is a great game. It's addictive, engaging and well designed both graphically and functionally.The goal of the game will be familiar...
  12. I don't think I really have an opinion on the matter. I like the game. I enjoy the story or so I've been told and I like the characters. I have been playing since day one and I enjoyed it.I do hope that the future updates can be better, though....
  13. The following blog post, unless otherwise noted, was written by a member of Gamasutra's community. The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company. As this post comes to you in the midst of the summer solstice, I thought I would share...
  14. Borderlands 2 - Allow for Skipping Movie Cutscenes NeoQuixotic Jan 19th, 2014 3,999 Never 3,999Never Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features! rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 2.43 KB You can skip character and DLC intro cutscenes in the game with a simple modification to a...
  15. The Rift really livened this up for me! Its crazy when a Mammoth lizard bursts from a wall of fouilage and takes down anyone it can, They could have been killable though. I found that the lack of reality Ignore the irony In weapon strengths makes the game less enjoyable....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 34] — 356 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. It's not uncommon for a company to receive a tax refund, even if they didn't owe any taxes in the first place. This can happen when a company has made estimated tax payments throughout the year, but then ends up earning less income or claiming more deductions than they had...
  2. A woman's death triggered a rush to buy life insurance amid warnings over potential financial risks for families, but a report suggests those buying policies are not necessarily well-protected. Couple of weeks back, a young woman named Sunita had died. The incident triggered a rush to buy life insurance. Sunita's...
  3. When the value of the US dollar goes up, it means that it is worth more compared to other currencies. This can be good for American workers because it means that they can buy more with their money when they are traveling or purchasing goods or services from other countries.However,...
  4. That humming sound you hear is Republican Congressman Ron Paul, trying to decide if he's maybe behind the eight-ball on his conspiracy theories. For years, Paul has argued that the fiat money system the world operates under is the source of many economic woes. Paul advocates returning to the gold...
  5. The following essay by David G. Gold, the founder of The Gold Standard Institute, was reprinted in an issue of Modern Money magazine published in New York in June 1986. It was taken from George L. Scherff David G. Gold, The Gold Standard in the United States New York: Random...
  6. . Get a complete estimate of your car insurance deductible. 2. Get quotes for your insurance. 3. Try to get a hold of your car insurance agent. 4. Make sure you understand how that works. 5. Use online tools. 6. Ask if they offer coverage for your situation. 7. If...
  7. To compare car insurance rates, first do some research online to get an idea of the available options. Then, contact insurance carriers directly to get rate quotes from each company. You can also use online tools like online brokers, insurance marketplaces, and comparison websites to compare different policies. Once you...
  8. The New Jersey Division of Corporations is suing the state's former Insurance Department executive secretary, Steven M. Genna on grounds that his job-creation program for the state's troubled public pension system amounts to illegal insider trading. The lawsuit, brought in Superior Court in Trenton, was filed by the division's executive...
  9. A man who ran the nation's biggest online credit rating company was charged Thursday with insider trading by a federal prosecutor. Eli Broad, 48, who co-founded Experian in 1991 and was its chief executive for almost a decade before stepping down in February, was charged with illegally disclosing sensitive information...
  10. A loss payable clause in a home insurance policy typically specifies that any losses covered by the policy will be paid to the lender, rather than the policyholder, if the lender has an interest in the property that is insured. This is often the case when the policyholder has taken...
  11. Yes, I can help you get a better deal on your car insurance. You can look for discounts, compare rates from different companies, and ask for a review of your current coverage to see if you can get a better price.
  12. S.E.C. "It's about time that the SEC put out some strong words on corporate wrongdoing," says John P. Dvorak. Dvorak, the president of the Corporate Research Project, a nonprofit group that focuses on corporate governance issues, recently spoke with Inside Philanthropy about the SEC's ongoing crackdown on corporate fraud. In...
  13. The former CEO of a private equity firm who was indicted in May over allegations of insider trading claims one of his former colleagues knew about the trades but didn't report it to authorities. "His former supervisor had an absolute duty of care to report it," said Steven Cohen, who...
  14. There are several types of insurance that can protect a house, beyond traditional homeowners insurance. Some examples include:Flood insurance: This type of insurance covers damages caused by floodwaters. It is usually required if you live in a flood zone, but can also be a good idea for homes located near...
  15. Did you know that some car insurance policies offer discounts if you don't have a driver's license? Is there any reason you want to go to those websites?
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 35] — 417 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. started to glow a sapphire green color. Sounds of booming thunder shook the room as smoke starts to rise from the floors. I coughed, and then yelled as the smoke settled, revealing an Arabic man, dressed in orange robes and around 8 feet tall, and as tired as I was,...
  2. s when he talked, a positivity that radiated from his entire being. Just being in his presence had cheered Timmy up a little. It was like when Timmy would turn on a flashlight in the dark. No matter how hard the darkness tried to stay around, to cling to everything...
  3. f its face. Contracts with minors can be valid, but they're voidable, my boy, meaning that you could have broken it at your discretion.'' Its claw crept down his arm, feeling the goosebumps beneath the fabric. However, once you hit the age of legality, and did nothing to cancel the...
  4. nie. Because you gave me some of that delicious blood of yours, I'll grant you a wish. Actually, make that 3. Ah, what the hell, I'll just make you eternally happy!'' The genie beamed down at me and snapped his fingers. When I came to, I was in a cliched...
  5. e was dressed in what could best be compared to the I Dream of Genie outfit from the seventies. It was low-cut in the front and accentuated her figure. She was flanked on both sides by armed guards. Hello, you are here to speak with his Majesty? the genie woman...
  6. shaking. I don't know,'' I didn't know what alive was until a few minutes ago. I didn't know what a'few minutes ago' was, until now. He wants to be with me. That sounds nice. Sex. Genitals. Naked. Existence. Still confused. I don't know, Mufti, this is too much responsibility. Does...
  7. The words struck the genie with confusion. Listen, boy, do not be so ignorant as to taunt my powers. I am capable of bringing utter chaos and destruction as well as infinite bliss and good fortune. I am an ethereal higher-dimensional being with potential you humans can only dream of....
  8. Agreement : I _____ sign here _____ agree that my wish will be fully granted by Genie 38942 on this, the 11th day of January 2017. The stipulations in the below section titled Addendum provide context in regard to application for wish I want a million cheeseburgers filed by the...
  9. ems to be in order.'' He expanded, muscles swirling outward like smoke, flames coming to life beneath the skin. I felt Sondra grab my arm. The genie waved his hand, the contract busting into cinders and tracing burning words in the air. Wish granted!'' I watched Sondra, watched that anxious...
  10. Son of a bitch. Mort heard the door of Lucy's bedroom slam shut followed by the cacophonous skitter of a cell phone across a wooden veneer desktop. God damn. here we go. just fucking make a. He didn't get to complete the thought before he was forcefully pulled from the...
  11. . You don t seem sad. The genie smiled at this, and for the first time Jade thought he looked old. Far older than anything she d seen before. Older than the mountains and the sand. An age to match the stars in the sky. And a sadness to equal...
  12. wled down at him. For some reason,'' he said to Susan, everyone thinks this is just what a lawyer wants. To have some malicious near-omnipotent entity hanging over his head like a sword of Damocles!'' But, um,'' Susan said, her mouth still hanging open. Isn't it - couldn't you make...
  13. No, it's not against the rules, but I have never been asked to kill someone'' Well. you're the Genie right? You just grant wishes, you don't have to think about it. I know that, but I'm not a killer. I can live with a lot of things. making someone a...
  14. Hey hey hey my man, what'll it be? Three wishes for you today, only catch is it's kaputs on wishing for more wishes. Just the uno dos tres, no more no less. Kapeesh?'' His blue form bubbled out of the lamp, smoke twisting sinuously around me, forming into a hand...
  15. More specific? Ummmmmmmm.'' I scratch my head. Well he has short hair that covers his eyes.'' The genie rolled its eyes. Seriously?'' Yeah. Should get a haircut.'' I frown. Also it is uh. Brown? Or is it black? Brownish black?'' I try concentrating more and more but specifics were alluding...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 36] — 2452 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Saving for the future is about more than saving now. It's about building a foundation and laying the framework for a brighter future. The future isn't the future any more; it's the present. It's the future you want for your students and for yourself. If you plan to teach, there...
  2. There are a variety of possibilities that could help you reduce your monthly expenses. For example, you could cut your house water use by installing more efficient toilets, lowering your water heaters water consumption, and turning off unnecessary appliances. You could also reduce the amount of money you spend on...
  3. A helpful strategy is to make a budget. Start with a calendar and spreadsheet, then use the spreadsheet to track how much of your income and outlay went to spending. If you know the percentage you want to spend each month, then use that as a guideline. Then, whenever you...
  4. The best way to manage your bank account is to create a budget and stick to it. Track your spending, set up automatic payments for regular expenses, and set up alerts or notifications for overdrafts or other activity. It's also important to regularly review your account to ensure accuracy and...
  5. You can try and take some of the pressure off your money-making goals, and put a lot of emphasis on saving small amounts. Also, try and visualize your budget. If youre hard-working, you can think about this as spending-control. Being sure to balance your spending with savings is a real...
  6. Budgeting and budgeting for the future. An excellent book about what the life savings and more should be and the best techniques for setting goals and sticking with them and how the best financial plans work. You'll be able to better manage your money, avoid the mistakes, gain the results....
  7. First, you want to get into a habit of regularly spending less than you should be on each category of expense, and I recommend using a calculator if you want to do this. Once youve got your category of expenses figured out, its not too hard to figure out where...
  8. One of the best ways to budget your monthly expenses is to start by tracking your spending over the past few months. Take a look at your income and all of your expenses, both fixed and variable. Then, decide how much of your income you want to allocate for each...
  9. Budget creation is an important life decision, and I want to help you get started in constructing a formal budget. To begin, it might be helpful for you to identify some needs that your household might face, and then to prioritize how you think to address those needs, in terms...
  10. Well, you can simply take a look at what you spend on things each month, and write down what you spend each month. Then whenever you want to look at your budget, you can just see what you spend each month on things, and make sure youre on track or...
  11. You should consider your income, your current expenses, and your goals. Make sure to identify any areas where you can save money and make a plan to spend within your means. Set aside money for savings and plan for unexpected expenses. Track your spending and adjust your budget as needed.
  12. Yes, there is an easy way to keep track of income and expenses. You can use budgeting software or apps to create and organize your budget. This software or app can help you keep track of your income and expenses and give you an overall picture of your financial situation.
  13. I recommend "The Richest Man in Babylon" by George Clason. This book has been a classic since 1926 and provides timeless advice on money management, investing and saving. It's filled with ancient wisdom to ensure your financial well-being.
  14. The first step to calculating your monthly budget is to calculate your monthly income. That can include any regular salary, benefits, or other income. Once you have your total income figure, you will need to list all of your regular monthly expenses to get an accurate picture of your budget....
  15. . Spend money thats on track with what you want, but not at a rate that makes me stressed 2. Spend money efficiently, using things I need to buy only when necessary and avoiding unnecessary expenses, such as borrowing money for a new car when I wont need to yet...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 37] — 3248 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. To get a mortgage, you'll need to have a good credit score, a down payment, and a steady income. You'll also need to meet certain other conditions, such as being a legal resident of the country, having a steady job for at least two years, and being able to provide...
  2. The manufacturer  vendor gets to keep your  1000 for 6 - 8 weeks , putting that towards production costs . It 's an interest free loan you 're giving them , which over many customers adds up to serious  . ?
  3. As has been stated, you don't need to actively bank with a credit union to apply for one of their credit cards. That said, one benefit to having account activity, and significant capital with a CU, is to increase the likelihood of having a larger credit line granted to you,...
  4. I'll assume you are asking about a check for some kind of work or service that you provided them, that they hired your company to do. No large business will do that. In their records they have a contract with your company to provide services. If they write you a...
  5. This site lets people deposit gold into an account. Once you have an account setup you can pay others in gold online. I haven't used it or know of anyone who has so I cannot provide any feedback to how well it works.
  6. In India, it is possible for freelancers to get a credit card, just like any other individual. Here are some steps you can follow to get a credit card as a freelancer in India:Check your credit score: Your credit score is a measure of your creditworthiness and it plays a...
  7. Why would you even accept 75K in cash? If anything is going to trigger an audit, this will be it. 75K in cash deposited will look like money laundring, so you better have a paper trail ready to prove this is legal or this won't end well.
  8. One option to pursue might be to buy a home loan. Many people are grateful for a mortgage, because they can fund a mortgage or buy a mortgage without having to worry about saving money. A mortgage can also help people build more than just a house. For example, the...
  9. It is generally not possible for a bank to hold a deposit on a closed account. When an account is closed, the bank will typically return any remaining balance to the account holder, either through a check or by transferring the funds to a new account. If the account was...
  10. Have you ever needed cash before your payday? If you've been in this position before, you've probably wished that you had a way to get a loan. Surprisingly, there is a simple and effective way to get the money you need. You just need to apply for a payday loan....
  11. Cheque cashing is a legitimate business because it provides a service to individuals who may not have access to a bank account or who may not want to deposit a cheque into their account for various reasons. For example, some people may not have a bank account because they do...
  12. . Bank 2. is a branch of a large multinational credit organization, like Citibank. 3. If you want to have a loan, you need to make some extra cash, then pay the amount into a special account at the bank. 4. After you make your loan, your bank will let...
  13. To determine loan availability, you can start by considering the following factors:Credit score: Lenders typically consider credit scores when evaluating loan applications. A higher credit score may make you more likely to be approved for a loan, while a lower credit score may make it more difficult to secure financing.Debt-to-income...
  14. In 1926, Benjamin Graham, a professional investor in his early thirties, was working in the Washington, D.C., record room of the Interstate Commerce Commission when he came across something he considered "treasure." It appeared in the prosaic form of a twenty-page document detailing the financial condition of Northern Pipeline, one...
  15. What is a 'Bounce Back' A bounce back is the amount of profits a company makes on its sale of a product. This reflects how well a firm is able to manage negative developments in one quarter while being unaffected by negative developments occurring in a subsequent quarter. During a...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 38] — 4173 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I believe that the web site of the Federal Bureau of Market Statistics is a place to learn stock trading basics. If you want to learn more of them, I would suggest that you read that website. I want to learn more about stock trading, but you can help me...
  2. As you can tell from this post, we're in a unique position in our lives because of one of the biggest financial disasters of today: what to do about our future retirement benefits RBT, a topic I've been following all year. We should consider all retirement funding options carefully, since...
  3. During earnings reports or other scheduled events that may affect a company's stock price, buy and sell orders can be placed by a wide variety of market participants, including individual investors, institutional investors, and traders at investment banks or other financial institutions. These orders can be placed manually or through...
  4. Investing typically involves the evaluation of different stock, bond, and mutual fund options to purchase with the goal of making money over time. Stock is a type of security that represents ownership in a particular company. The stock price reflects the value of the company and investors buy as a...
  5. Definitely not. You are too young. Let me explain: Your money will be locked up for at least 40 years, and you will have to navigate some really quirky and trap-laden rules in order to get money for simple things. Let's say you want to buy a house. You won't...
  6. Funds are a good way to collect money. Theyre commonly used for things like investing, and buying a home. They can also be used for a different purpose, which is to buy a home for a cash, and an investor for the family in the that location. Mutual funds are...
  7. Yes, it is possible to borrow money to invest in a foreign country. However, there are several factors to consider when doing so.First, you should be aware of any laws or regulations in the foreign country that may affect your ability to borrow money or invest in that country. You...
  8. It is difficult to predict the long-term effects of current market volatility, as there are many factors that can influence the market over the long term. However, it is important to stay informed about market trends and current events to ensure that you make the best investment decisions for your...
  9. Day trading refers to the practice of buying and selling securities within the same day. This can be done using a variety of financial instruments, such as stocks, options, and futures contracts. Day traders aim to take advantage of short-term price fluctuations in the market, and they often use advanced...
  10. The most significant risk associated with investing on the stock market is market volatility, which can cause the prices of stocks to rise and fall quickly and unpredictably. 2 Other risks include a lack of liquidity, meaning investors may not be able to easily sell their stocks if needed, or...
  11. Pros: 1. Lower costs compared to actively managed investments 2. Diversified portfolios 3. Passive income through dividends 4. Relatively low risk Cons: 1. Less flexibility compared to actively managed investments 2. Subject to market volatility 3. Little customization of investments 4. May not beat the market average returns in strong...
  12. You can find the 5 or 10 year returns for a mutual fund by:Visiting the fund's website: Most mutual fund companies provide performance data on their websites. You can typically find the 5 and 10 year returns on the fund's overview or performance page.Using a financial website or tool: Many...
  13. I'm sorry, but I am unable to provide information about specific investment returns as I am a language model and do not have access to real-time financial data. Additionally, Vanguard is a large investment company that offers a variety of investment products, and the returns on each of these products...
  14. The risks involved in stock investing include market volatility, liquidity risk, issuer risk, the risk of loss of principal, and currency risk. Other risks include political risk, regulatory risk, and interest rate risk.
  15. You might want to try using a 401k, thats a type of retirement savings plan. Youll need to allocate your 401k money, that is, allocate how much of your 401K money you put into your savings account. You can allocate your 401K money into a savings account thats small, or...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 39] — 1035 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Yes, there is a variation of tai chi called Taoist Tai Chi which is especially suitable for children. It incorporates light and gentle movements which are easy for children to learn and master.
  2. Tai Chi is a popular type of martial art that combines a variety of gentle, fluid movement practices into a more specific and powerful martial art. The practice of Tai Chi allows a great deal of basic physical control and flexibility as well as mental and emotional health, and there...
  3. Searching for what types of yoga you would be willing to do, you can find information on different types of yoga on your online. In general yoga is a big world, and there are lots of different types of yoga, which are just a few of the major ones, that...
  4. . Know about some basic yoga types and their benefits. 2. Listen to yoga videos, learn more about yoga than I can give you here and now. 3. See what types of yoga are most convenient for you.
  5. Lets see. Weve got this silly rumba program to do that, thats great! Lets give that a shake-up. Lets see. Theres also tai chi? To be fair, it sounds like none of those have the strength of the rumba. But Ill do some research for you. In tai chi, the...
  6. Which kind of yoga are you interested in practicing?
  7. The best way to figure out which types of yoga are the best for you and your body type is to consult with an experienced yoga teacher or instructor. They will be able to assess your body type and level of fitness, and provide suggestions of which styles of yoga...
  8. Answer: The different types of yoga include Hatha, Vinyasa, Iyengar, Ashtanga, Bikram, Kundalini, Restorative, and Yin yoga.
  9. HowI want to learn about yoga, and you also want to learn about it in the order? You want to learn about various types of yoga and practices, and then gradually move on to practice of your own liking. Im trying to here to suggest that you give these types...
  10. Do you want to go through all of the different kinds of yoga that exist?
  11. Boil the pot. Boil in a covered pot for a short time. Boil in a pot over a short time, covered with a lid. Stir gently, as the pot dissolves. Stir gently. The pot, boiling, dissolves gradually into a thick and sticky liquid, and as it does, the liquid dissolves...
  12. The best type of yoga for beginners is Hatha Yoga. Hatha Yoga is a gentle form of yoga, focusing on basic postures, breath control and meditation. It is suitable for all body types and is a great place to start your yoga journey.
  13. . Yoga. 2. Pilot. 3. Badi baja. 4. Ruttedi. 5. Yoga pose. 6. Kashi. 7. Chi-si-chi.
  14. The only downside to a good new-car smell is that it can sometimes lead to unwanted visitors. At this summer's Toronto Auto Show, an auto repair shop was robbed at gunpoint by an armed man in its shop, only to catch footage of the robbery on its surveillance system. A...
  15. FREE CANADA SHIPPING FOR YOUR COMPLETE ORDER WHEN PURCHASING 49.99 of E-Liquid! FREE USA SHIPPING WHEN PURCHASING 60 of E-Liquid 100 if including hardware No coupon necessary! Available in limited quantities ! A Canadian 2 cream 2 sugar coffee flavor. Creamy and sweet, with a backnote of coffee. A true...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 40] — 312 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. As many of you are aware, our site was the recipient of multiple DDoS attacks yesterday. DDoS attacks are an unfortunate reality of the Internet, but the response from our Webmaster's team was outstanding. The website was restored within 12 hours, and all services were restored in less than 24...
  2. Quantum computers were nothing new. Hell, QuantityTM had been a household name for the past 9 years. And not in your friendly-neighborhood-corporation way like during the turn of the millennium where people were sheepishly complicit in the wealth disparity issue. No, this was the wet dream of the archetypal mad...
  3. For a long time, I was a skeptic of the idea that we would ever see real, functioning quantum computers. In that post , I asked if there is now any evidence that you will see real quantum computers sometime soon. As some readers will no doubt remember, I was...
  4. On January 15, 2009, a group of researchers at the University of Arizona and several other institutions announced they had made the first successful test of the new "quantum" computer, which uses an entire system of semiconductors and lasers to mimic the behavior of quantum mechanics. While some of the...
  5. In order to help you do that, Ive just found an article about the development of quantum computing. Heres a quote from it: The use of computer technology is extremely broad, and grows steadily, although the head of growth is currently unclear. These are a few ideas from a recent...
  6. "The future that can only be predicted, is not worth worrying about today." -Jorge Luis Borges With all the talk of quantum physicsincluding the possibility that it could one day "breakthroughs" that will put quantum computing in the mainstreamthere remains no good reason why computer science should make any effort...
  7. By Marlene Cimons, National Science Foundation When people ask computational theorist Scott Aaronson if working quantum computers will become widely available soon, he likens this to asking the same of 19th Century English mathematician Charles Babbage, whose designs were the basis for the earliest all-purpose computers. It took about 150...
  8. Some ways to make your home smarter include installing a smart home security system, adding voice-activated technology such as Google Home or Amazon Alexa, programming smart thermostats, dimmers and lighting controls, setting up automated appliances, adding video doorbells and smart locks, and integrating a smart home hub.
  9. In the previous post we were told of how a group of researchers wanted to use the power of neuroscience to bring us closer to the future. This is the first of a series of posts in which we are going to look at a couple of new technologies that...
  10. Cable TV is changing the way that people watch TV. Not only has it become a way to stay in contact with family, but it's an easy way to make time for other activities. Cable TV is also transforming the way that we consume music. Here are five reasons to...
  11. By Steve Bihn I am not an expert on the subject of quantum computing, and I do not claim expert knowledge of this field. I can only tell you about what quantum computers might look like when they are being designed, tested and deployed in the future. Quantum computing is...
  12. Ohhhhh shit. I knew something bad would come out of this. I got ta admit though. Aliens? Like holy shit? Really? I was thinking bad like, you're wasting technology!'' You're a disgrace to science!'' Not bad like, yo we're gon na destroy the Earth unless you share the knowledge with...
  13. We promise to never spam you, and just use your email address to identify you as a valid customer. Best reservoir for the Ncase M1 I just received my frozenQ reservoir from the forwarder and upon seeing the res on hand I can say that the build quality is very...
  14. 's entire employee record. It is readily apparent that I hold the attention of more than ten times as many engineers as Martha. However, the one thing they have concluded from their study so far is that quantum computers, such as myself, are unique. Most precise data from older systems...
  15. Cable TV is not the future of television, but it is a big part of it in the US, at any rate. And Netflix is on track to help make that happen. The streaming service will give viewers more than 50 more channels in the US, but the fact remains...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 41] — 26823 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I wanted to write a post that could inspire anyone who felt frustrated to get up and do something about it. In fact, I even wanted to go the extra mile and create this post a good week ago so that anyone who is looking to get started in the...
  2. The solution to faster computing? Sing to your data. Nothing is more frustrating than watching that circle spinning in the centre of your screen, while you wait for your computer to load a programme or access the data you need. Now a team from the Universities of Sheffield and Leeds...
  3. Please note: Many features of this site require JavaScript. You appear to have JavaScript disabled, or are running a non-JavaScript capable web browser. To get the best experience, please enable JavaScript or download a modern web browser such as Internet Explorer 8, Firefox, Safari, or Google Chrome. Recently read Socket...
  4. There are many scenarios where a mailbox and its access can become "untrusted". Preventative solutions abound, but this article will focus on the following worst case scenarios for the quickest way to shut down access with the least amount of impact and administrative effort. A mobile device or computer with...
  5. We offer some very exciting announcements in that area. But first, check out the video we made with the team about our first real-world deployment in the new year: " In 2014, we made the bold choice to go the cloud and embrace AWS by releasing Triton, a highly scalable...
  6. It is n't removed . The device only deletes the access information and now says the actual files are blank space , in reality they are still there . Until , you add new files that use that same space . With certain programs you can still access all those...
  7. Ring ring ring Thank you for calling Granny Smith tech support. My name is Dan. How can I help you? I don't know! My computer just isn't working right!'' Well, what are you trying to do? I'm trying to open it so I can print the performance report, but none...
  8. mputer -- increasing its own computing power. Too few crashes, and the user would keep the computer for much longer, actually being pleased with the interaction most of the time. The logic was simple, if Internet Explorer wanted to grow, it had to make more computers crash more often. The...
  9. You could use the SCRuit platform for a computer. The software would have an Arduino program in it. The Arduino program would provide the computer with all the functions it needs. You could then connect the software to the computer. Or you could write some other programs for it, and...
  10. Goodrich Companys Hardware and Software Systems Essay Hardware and software play a crucial role in our day to day lives. They help an individual and organizations to create data, store and transfer information. This paper identifies hardware and software systems used by individuals and Goodrich Company in general. It also...
  11. As a new year is upon us, the first step in making the most of the new year is to get acquainted with some key new features which you can use. Here we go step by step with the new release! 1. More reliable sync results, no data losses When...
  12. "There doesn't seem to be an option to delete," Mr. Zayas said. "And people can't seem to understand the difference between a 'forgotten' file and an 'ex-directory.' I just don't see how this is possible. In case someone reads this, what you're thinking was a perfectly good way to get...
  13. Many files are automatically deleted by operating systems, for security reasons.
  14. The iPad's Mail app isn't converting anything. As with the Mail app on a Mac, photoimage attachments are displayed inline or viewed in place within the body of the message which is not embedded. Photosimages are sent as true attachments to the message. How such attachments are displayed within the...
  15. Information Networking as Technology Compare Contrast Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Opera mini browser and Mozilla Firefox 3. Mozilla Fire fox and Seamonkey browser 4. Conclusion 5. References Introduction A web browser is an application or software designed for retrieving, providing, and traversing data information on the World...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 42] — 557 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. LONDON Reuters - The world's biggest banks have agreed to an unprecedented overhaul of their risk-management rules, as regulators seek to stamp out costly and often unintended losses. A sign and an iPhone are pictured in front of the headquarters of JP Morgan Chase Co, the biggest U.S. bank by...
  2. As of last year, at least seven of the 10 largest financial institutions in the United States were subject to a "voluntary resolution plan on derivatives" announced in 2008 by the Financial Stability Oversight Council. The plan involved a series of voluntary "safeguards" designed to allow these companies to pass...
  3. Gladwell's New York Times best-selling book, The Big Fix: How the Biggest Mistake in the History of the American Economy Made Us Richer, Poorer, and Dumber lays out the argument of how the United States government and Wall Street were so deeply intertwined that this nation's housing and credit bubble...
  4. The U.S. Justice Department announced on Thursday a settlement of a corruption investigation of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board. The United States filed an antitrust lawsuit Tuesday against two former Federal Reserve Board of Governors officials, accusing them of conspiring to steer business toward a favored supplier of financial products...
  5. An independent investigation by a former Federal Reserve official has found "no evidence" of an effort to use the 2010 bailout money to "gaming" the government's financial rules. A review by William Black, an economist and professor at Michigan State University, did not look at whether any companies or individuals...
  6. Image via Thinkstock The world's biggest banks have a habit, well, of failing to heed the warning signs. When a major financial institution fails, investors lose confidence, banks default, regulators impose harsh requirements on themand, in so doing, end up keeping these institutions in business. With that in mind, a...
  7. After a decade of waiting for a federal law that would require all American banks to disclose the names of their top 20 highest paid bankers, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on Tuesday became the first agency to enforce the rule, which has been criticized by industry lobbyists, credit analysts...
  8. The U.S. government has "mildly surprised" the court with an order that "we believe is illegal," said Peter Vincent Pry, assistant secretary of defense for financial management. "It would be better for us to see it as an opportunity to clarify the law before we go further," Pry said. "We...
  9. The two big U.S. banks hit with fines in the LIBORMURM scandal have been accused of trying to hide the rate manipulation from investors, putting themselves "ahead of regulatory authorities." The Federal Reserve said on Friday they were fined 616 million and 378 million respectively for their roles, but that...
  10. JPMorgan Chase Co. JPM on Wednesday reported first-quarter earnings that were less than stellar. Mark LennihanAP By KEN SWEET, AP Business Writer JPMorgan Chase said its first-quarter profit fell more than 8 percent from a year earlier, and future profit growth could be threatened after it failed a key regulatory...
  11. The Obama administration will not punish banks for discriminating against the very same minority borrowers who were the target of its foreclosure relief program and predatory lending schemes. That's the finding of a report from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which found that banks were indeed committing discriminatory lending practices...
  12. I'm sorry, but I don't have any information about current events or issues related to Switzerland's currency. As a language model, my knowledge is based on the texts that were available to me at the time of my training, which ended in 2021. I don't have access to current events...
  13. In response to a question about whether the government would be interested in investigating whether banks were taking on too much risk with the bank guarantee, the minister said: "We have to give proper consideration to the whole issue of bank guarantees and the issue of the banks' leverage".
  14. "I think this is kind of ironic," said David B. Smith, founder and CEO of a global risk consulting firm. "You're going to see the banks and the brokers who provide them with credit lines to buy these mortgage-backed securities be called to task because they got a whole ton...
  15. The former head of the Federal Reserve's financial stability bureau resigned Wednesday after the release of a report that said he mishandled the investigation of Wall Street titan Bernard Madoff. In his resignation letter, Thomas Curry of Boston said he will serve as managing director of Boston College's Hutchins Center...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 43] — 430 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The meaning of life is a philosophical question that has been debated for centuries and has yet to receive a universally accepted answer.
  2. Answered by Mufti Muhammad ibn Adam rahimahullaah Question: I am currently an undergraduate studying the Qur'aan and I was wondering if there is an age specific question that should be included in the course? What would be considered an important moment in a persons life which would have a big...
  3. The question of the meaning of life is very abstract and has been asked many times throughout human history. I will try to answer it but I dont know the whole meaning of life.
  4. The question of the meaning of life is very abstract and has been asked many times throughout human history. Its a very important question, because it touches on a number of deep questions about the nature of reality, our values, and the purpose of life. Philosophers have explored these questions...
  5. Some career choices are easy, others are hard. 2 I wish you could have the choices that are easy, that are hard, for a short time. 3 You should also consider what you might like in the future. 4 Im happy for your choices as they are. 5 You should...
  6. The question of the meaning of life is very abstract and has been asked many times throughout human history. Philosophers have tried to tackle it for centuries, and there have been multiple great poets and thinkers throughout the centuries who also made significant contributions to this issue. Our current best...
  7. There are many different theories. Some think that life is a short struggle for people to achieve meaning in the world, while others think the meaning in life is to live with other people and then spend your time doing activities that are enjoyable.
  8. You asked about the meaning of life, which is a persons life and beliefs. Im his father, and he is a human. Im not really sure what else I can say about his beliefs, or what you would think, but I know that his understanding of life is a lot,...
  9. . Get comfortable with yourself. Take a trip to a place thats very familiar to you, and observe how people behave there. Practice social skills in a way that works for you, and try to maintain that habit. 2. Remember the things you know, but dont know how. You dont...
  10. I remember when a day was only 24 hours long. I have, however, forgotten exactly when the government introduced its new More Minutes scheme. The days flow together and in the beginning, people were found frequently walking around in pyjamas. I recall my manager coming to work so disorientated that...
  11. What does it mean to live a meaningful life? Does getting a good job, having a wife and maybe a couple of children, only to eventually die of old age count as a meaningful life? It might to some. Maybe for you modelling diapers by the time you're one years...
  12. I have a little friend. And I have a lot going on with him and with myself! My beautiful boy is on the autism spectrum. He was diagnosed at just 2 years old with Pervasive Developmental Disorder, and recently we received news that he's autistic. Now, it's not like me...
  13. It really is curious, I m sure this question has been asked countless times over the years in one form or another. What s even more curious is that to each person there is most certainly a different answer that satisfies this itch that we all have to know about...
  14. This is a difficult and sensitive question. Can you tell me more about what sort of dialogue youre having with your family? Im curious, because I think that if you explain whats going on to them, and what youre hoping to achieve, then maybe they can help you to make...
  15. The first two hours are a mix of some light reading and some interviews for more background on the book, which focuses on three teenagers with autism. The second hour, which is the show's strongest segment, was devoted to the three teens' reactions to the book, with some of the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 44] — 3379 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. . Make a schedule. 2. Start with a goal, and keep track of what youre doing. 3. Set a date on which, you want to start, and then stick to it. 4. Be patient. It can take some time to get up. 5. There are different things we like to...
  2. I mean, what is life really, if not just a collection of happy memories? I'm not happy studying, so I won't do it. In the grand scheme of the universe, studying isn't all that important. I think I'll just watch T.V. instead. The Dingers are on.'' That is what I...
  3. Time management is about how youre making choices about how much time you spend, and how much time you take care of important projects. I can help you think about which projects are most important for the time that you have, and what ways you can make sure that your...
  4. If you want to decorate your home office more quickly, its important to focus on productivity. First, lets define what we mean by productivity. This can be as simple as completing more useful and interesting projects each day. If thats not true, then were just spending time on things that...
  5. Manage your time by using a management tool. That means a time management tool that tells you that you can use it to do whatever tasks are prioritized.
  6. The best apps to help you stay organized are anyTask, Todoist, Things, Evernote, Any.do, Trello, Google Keep and Wunderlist.
  7. Im glad you asked about that! There are lots of methods for improving your studying habits, and you might want to try out a few of them. A few ideas include: -Reviewing your notes before reading them, then taking notes during your reading -Reviewing on the go, then checking your...
  8. . Set goals for the achievement of each project that you want to complete. 2. Track your progress and periodically set goals. 3. When your goals are met, make sure they are met in a reasonable time frame. Also, be sure to get enough sleep each night.
  9. I think studying is most good when you look at the preparation manual in a specific format. Some people prefer a lot of extra detail in the text, in addition to the review at the end of the study. For example, you could examine the page text in order to...
  10. You might want to think about ways that will help you stay motivated. For example, if you know that youll need to start for a few hours, and you know that it will take some effort to get you going, your plan might be: Ill start at midnight on Thursday,...
  11. The best way to approach academic challenges is to break them down into manageable pieces, set realistic goals, create a plan of action to achieve those goals, and focus on one step at a time. Make sure to also stay organized and take regular breaks to give yourself time to...
  12. Morning routines can be very challenging to create an effective morning routine. Here are some strategies that you can use to improve your morning routine: -Individualize your morning routine. Let's say you want to do some cardiovascular exercise in the morning. Use your morning routine to work towards this goal....
  13. Here are a few good strategies for studying: -Use the mind map. Try to visualize the meaning of each word you are studying. Maybe visualize what "I mean" when reading the word "re" -Add study habits into your routine. One good practice is to break study up into "study break"...
  14. Try to set a goal for what sort of actions you want to take, and practice doing those actions as often as possible. Try to identify some actions that are the most important to take each day, and practice them. Practice some kind of time management exercise, such as the...
  15. Note-taking is just a method for capturing your notes. Lets just focus on how you use note-taking now. Lets imagine that you take notes with your phone-based device using your phones capture device.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 45] — 323 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. 1. Put away your phone and give your full attention to the people you're talking to. 2. Try to make small talk about topics that everyone can relate to or has an opinion on. 3. Ask questions to keep the conversation going. 4. Take an interest in other people and...
  2. Practice active listening. When talking to someone, make sure to give your full attention and listen carefully to what they have to say. Show interest in their words and ask questions to get more information. Show that you're engaged in the conversation by responding with thoughtful comments. 2 Find something...
  3. Spend more time together. Make a point to plan outings, dinners, or activities with your family each week. 2 Participate in family discussions. Listen to what other family members have to say, and don't be afraid to share your opinion too. 3 Show respect. Respect the opinions, beliefs, and convictions...
  4. 1. First, work on becoming an active listener. Pay close attention to the other person, and try to understand their point of view. 2. Take the time to fully articulate your thoughts and feelings, using clear and concise language. 3. Practice using I statements, refraining from making assumptions, and staying...
  5. . Make eye contact. 2. Listen well while speaking. 3. Dont interrupt. 4. Dont guess what your friend is talking about. 5. Dont give long lists of examples. 6. Dont say things in a long list of thoughts. 7. Avoid getting emotional. 8. Dont pretend to understand something when you...
  6. You might start by giving some feedback about what they said, or even asking them what it seems that they're referring to. Then, you could ask for an understanding or a clarification. If some things are in dispute, perhaps you could use my views as their views, and try to...
  7. . Always remember that you are a human being, and try to treat others with respect. 2. Listen carefully to what theyre saying, and understand their perspective. 3. Dont interrupt. 4. Dont ask questions like Do you mean this guy or Do you mean that guy? 5. Don
  8. When it comes to finding a job today it sometimes seems like a needle in a haystack for prospective employees. To find a career option that you enjoy, it may require you to put your foot down and do something that could be challenging. For example, I once had a...
  9. 1. Practice active listening. 2. Develop your vocabulary by reading and writing often. 3. Learn to be precise and clear when conveying a message. 4. Aim to be open-minded and tolerant of others opinions. 5. Make conversation enjoyable by using humor whenever appropriate. 6. Keep up with technology and current...
  10. 1 Start by being more mindful of your own thoughts and feelings. Make a conscious effort to be more engaged with the speaker and the conversation. 2 Focus on the speakers body language and the message they are trying to communicate. 3 Ask open-ended questions to better understand the message...
  11. Well, if you know, why don't talk to your friends, or listen to music, or read books, or learn some new skills, or go for a walk, or call for a help, or ask people for help, and perhaps give them something you're learning, that they can give to you.
  12. The most effective way to have an adult conversation with a teenage daughter is to focus on listening to her perspective and attempting to understand her point of view. Ask her open-ended questions to get her talking and create a safe, nonjudgmental space in which she feels comfortable expressing her...
  13. Find good ways to articulate your thoughts so that you can express yourself clearly. 2 Start practicing active listening to absorb information accurately. 3 Practice public speaking to help build your confidence in conversations. 4 Take advantage of technology, such as instant messaging and video calls, to practice communicating with...
  14. When I get into a bad mood, or I'm frustrated and have negative feelings, my first thought is, "Let's change the topic." I'll immediately think in my head that I want to start a negative conversation so that I can feel something positive by doing so. When I have a...
  15. . Speak clearly. 2. Don't be confused. Don't be afraid to speak out. 3. Remember what you've said, not what other people think. 4. Speak slowly. 5. Avoid negative comments. 6. Be present if someone wants to respond, even if they don't agree with what you say.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 46] — 619 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. A current trend on future global finance Essay Bailouts are a pressing problem for the entire financial world today, and will continue to affect financial sectors adversely. However, it is crucial to analyze what would happen if current European bailouts were completely removed from the equation. Many Euro zone leaders...
  2. The World Health Organization has revealed today that an additional 1,700 deaths could be attributable to the spread of the Zika virus in Latin America over the course of the year. This figure includes both the deaths from the current outbreak and cases of Zika virus found in the country....
  3. The number of deaths caused by the Zika virus is rapidly spreading in Brazil. Last month alone, health officials announced that as many as 7,500 cases of the birth defect microcephaly, and more than 4,500 people have died since the outbreak was reported in the country's northeast. In some areas,...
  4. The World Health Organisation plans to launch a vaccine for the Zika virus, its first global intervention against an emerging threat that has prompted warnings of travel bans and raised fears over a global emergency. The UN health agency said on Friday it planned to test two Zika vaccines developed...
  5. Puerto Rico officials on Wednesday confirmed the first confirmed Zika virus infections involving pregnant women in the U.S., which is already grappling with a Zika outbreak that is thought linked to a surge in pregnant women in the U.S. mainland and many parts of the continental U.S. seeking abortions. Two...
  6. In a small number of very severe cases, however, the damage can be complete and irreversible, killing the baby. The National Institute of Health says the average age of a woman with Zika is 19 and most of these cases involve pregnant women. Dr. Richard Besser, an expert on Zika...
  7. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Tuesday the Zika virus may have caused at least 1,900 babies with abnormally small heads to survive in Brazil, although it stopped short of classifying the damage, as critics had urged, as intentional. The CDC estimated the number to be...
  8. Roughly 80,000 children in the U.S. will be infected with the Zika virus by year's end, and half of them will be "chronically ill," according to new government projections. The report, based on a recent study by the Pan American Health Organization PAHO, predicted a doubling of the number of...
  9. Greece's banks are once again close to collapse. And, in a bit of ironic timing, this has just happened just a day after the world was transfixed by the Cyprus crisis. Greece's banks are closing early to avert a second round of bank run-outs. And there's a clear sense of...
  10. The scientific name for the common cold is Rhinovirus.
  11. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Monday that the Zika virus may lead to brain defects in newborn babies, a serious blow to a disease that has been blamed for thousands of babies in Latin America being born with abnormally small heads and brain damage.The agency said...
  12. The World Health Organization says there is "no evidence" the Zika virus is causing brain damage, a claim that is drawing rebukes from medical experts. The agency says there is no evidence of an association between Zika infection and the neurological disorder microcephaly, a condition in which newborns have smaller...
  13. Greece is facing a new banking crisis after the country's two biggest lenders, the biggest savers in a country already in severe economic trouble, said they would not resume repayments on loans made to insolvent banks. "We will not resume our loans and we consider that the Greek financial system...
  14. In early November, the World Health Organization announced a landmark agreement regarding Zika virus, which is suspected of being linked to microcephaly in the babies of infected mothers. While doctors are still determining if this is the case, it has not been confirmed. For more than a month, we've seen...
  15. An estimated 60 million people in the U.S. could be infected with Zika, and an estimated 4 million people could contract disease, by the end of this year, health officials said Friday At least one more baby born with Zika-related microcephaly is expected to be diagnosed. New Zika cases were...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 47] — 1047 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Electronic Cigarettes: Could they Help University Students Give Smoking Up? Exploratory Essay The Habit of Smoking Reasons why University Students Smoke University students use smoking to alleviate stress from constant studying and the constant pressures in their social lives. Others start smoking due to the peer pressure from their friends....
  2. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC recommends that children should receive certain recommended vaccines at the following ages: 6 weeks: DTaP, IPV, Hib, PCV 12 weeks: DTaP, PCV 4-6 months: DTaP, IPV, Hib, PCV, rotavirus 11-12 months: MMR, Varicella, Hib, PCV 15-18 months: DTaP, Hib, IPV 4-6 years:...
  3. I am going to go out on a limb and say that I don't think the average American can tell what the difference is between a normal, healthy mother and a sick or injured one. Most of the information we have is anecdotal andor anecdotal alone, which is a huge...
  4. An official with the European Central Bank told the Italian parliament this week that his organization is exploring alternative arrangements for the Italian banking sector. One idea under consideration is a government-backed recapitalization, meaning the state would be on the hook for up to 40 of a bank's assets, according...
  5. You know the best way to prevent getting a cold: If you get a cold, that means the virus in your body has spread, and you know it. If you want to get your hands from another person and make sure they know the virus, you could stay home to...
  6. The best workout plan to lose weight quickly is something called The 80, which is a low-impact, high-temperature workout routine. How do you know whether your plan is right? A good plan for losing weight is typically a good plan for maintaining your weight as well. In other words, a...
  7. . Use a humidifier at home, especially after eating, to reduce the risk of getting a cold. 2. Prevention is a good idea too and I would suggest you stay updated on the latest prevention recommendations. 3. To reduce the risk of a cold, you should get vaccinated for the...
  8. The closest thing to a permanent cure for a cold is prevention. daily exercise, healthy eating and adequate hydration can help boost your immune system and reduce the chances of catching a cold.
  9. A very interesting interview on NPR with Dr. Paul Offit regarding the vaccine debate: You may be surprised to learn that there is a controversy over whether to give your child, and by the way I did it at the age of two and had no problems at all, but...
  10. Benefits of COVID-19 Vaccination Essay The site acknowledges that COVID-19 is here to stay. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC has found it necessary for the US government to vaccinate its citizens, including children, youths, and adults. Vaccinating the population is one of the critical programs that the...
  11. NaturalNews A growing number of scientific studies have been conducted on the toxic and damaging effects of vaccines and their aluminum adjuvants. Some are even finding that the aluminum adjuvants used in these vaccines may cause permanent brain damage and neurodevelopmental disorders.This is why it's important that we continue our...
  12. The fastest way to shed 5 pounds is by following a healthy diet, incorporating regular cardio exercise, and reducing your daily calorie intake.
  13. The World Health Organization, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other agencies have recently issued urgent warnings about a "preventable" and potentially deadly epidemic of whooping cough in the United States and other developed countries. The most recent cases of the disease that causes whooping cough appear...
  14. Smoking Cessation and Patient Education in Nursing Essay Table of Contents 1. Calculating Pack-Years 2. Education Plan 3. Management Plan 4. Treatment 5. Follow-Up and Evaluation 6. References A 50-year old male visited a nurse with a purpose of smoking cessation. While this process is considered complicated due to the...
  15. It may be that the best way to bring attention to the issue at hand is to simply stop telling the truth. According to an article by the Daily Caller, a new study published today in the journal Social Psychological and Personality Science by Dr Robert Axelrod, former chief research...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 48] — 206782 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. something I was always surrounded by. One day, as I joked around with a few of my friends, one of them took out a little wood carving he'd made in Boy Scouts. Isn't this cool? Our Scoutmaster had us carve a few of these - hey, wait - what are...
  2. Jim! I spoke loudly. Are you okay, no he replied, I'm not in the right place anymore. What do you mean? Well everything is different here, the weight and color, it's so primitive. I need to go back. You know it doesn't work that way. It couldn't work that way....
  3. The wooden beam was really heavy ; I could feel its edges penetrating my back's flesh. My vision was a little blurry, but I could see my students in front of me, crying. Don't you worry kids, everything will be just fine'' I told them. The earthquake wasn't that big,...
  4. Chainsaw'Murica' Jones sat at the bar, trying to drown his sorrows. in alcohol. Chainsaw? Chainsaw'Murica' Jones? Is that you?'' said his friend. uh Ted. Yeah it's me'' said'Murica' But I don't deserve the name Chainsaw'Murica' Jones. I'm a fraud'' What? But you're the greatest American hero since Donald Trump burned...
  5. nd retreated back to me. I bought this building as a show of power more than anything else. but power brought me nothing but misery. It felt heavy and useless. I pressed the button on the back of my helmet and it released from my face, sliding back over my...
  6. laws and burrowed my way into the small shaft. SCP-682 came back after his second meal was finished, and began violently scratching and tearing through the wall. The overseers of the feeding began to fear if enough damage was done to the chamber, SCP-682 might escape. Because of that, the...
  7. there. With my father standing by, no further away than I am to you.'' Andy's arm was getting tired. A Great Horned owl is not a light bird. He had several things to clean up from his shift, and a mass of research waiting for him back at his apartment....
  8. in the chickens. She chased them around the coop and giggled in the maniacal way children do. The adults found it adorable, but Jacob thought if he did the same thing it would be seen as an act of cruelty so he kept his maliciousness confined to the creaky porch....
  9. The story began on a bright, sunny afternoon. While his mother was working at her store, the owner said she couldn't find a pen for him. She asked his uncle, who had a pencil sharpener, if he could sharpen it. He did so, and the pen flew out into the...
  10. As I wake up, I look around slowly. what the hell.'' I mumble to myself as I drag myself up into a standing position. I begin to look around, trying to find my bearings. I am young again, it is a refreshing experience after being in a frail body for...
  11. It's the dam-nest thing I've ever seen Tom. We want to arrest the guy, but we can't justify it.'' Matt took a seat at the bar, the favorite for the local cops. That crackhead claiming he has superpowers?'' Tom handed Matt a Corona, the only thing he drank. That's the...
  12. I'd finally been caught. There I stood, in Death Row, knowing exactly what I'd done. Remembering in detail all the lives I'd taken. All the damage I'd done. It was permanent ; I could do nothing about it, especially being locked up there. Life there was composed mainly of waiting...
  13. alie kept making. Needless to say, we enjoyed our morning. After dishes were washed and we were full and happy, it was time to meet up with the rest of our group. We grew somber as we remembered what day it was. Moving day. The horde had caught our scent...
  14. The man was ready. Doors locked and bolted, of course - basic necessities. Food? Check. Weapons? Check. Armor plating? Check. Radiation shielding? Check. Cell phone? In the dumpster. He was twenty feet underground, sealed behind layers of concrete and steel. Ready for the pranks. Ready for anything. He stifled a...
  15. name. My name's not Wickerson, it's Gary! You fucking asshole!'' he calls back, an aggravated sort of tone to his voice. Oh wow. Gee. Where's all this negativity coming from? I'm trying to be a nice guy here with my coffee and Vault 111 jammies, and this guy's killing my...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 49] — 743 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Business plans are about marketing, operations, and capital management. You should write a business plan that focuses on a particular niche you want to serve, and creates a model that is sustainable in that niche. Once you have a business plan, you should decide where you want to start your...
  2. coach. You will also need to compete in amateur and professional matches to gain experience and build a reputation. In terms of business, you can start by reading books and articles on entrepreneurship and business strategy, and consider starting your own business or investing in a startup. Additionally, networking and...
  3. A good way to start a business is to develop a plan, or a business plan. You might use the business development process invented at PWC. You can use a simple business plan, which is a list of basic business activities like how to market goods, how to finance your...
  4. The best advice for someone starting a small business is to make sure you have a thorough understanding of the industry you're entering, research and understand your competition, create a detailed business plan, and be ready to dedicate both time and money.
  5. If you're thinking about side hustle as meaning to add some money on to my earnings, then Im afraid Im not too familiar with side hustle. But if youre just talking about a more general goal, to have more money to pay taxes on, or to have more money available...
  6. 1. Clearly define your business concept and purpose. 2. Research the market to understand customer needs and the competitive landscape. 3. Set goals and objectives. 4. Outline your products andor services. 5. Describe your unique selling points and advantages. 6. List the resources you need and how you plan to...
  7. Receiving small amounts of money on the side can have a number of potential implications, depending on the specific circumstances and the laws and regulations that apply in your jurisdiction. Here are a few things to consider:Taxes: If you receive money on the side, you may need to pay taxes...
  8. When it comes to running a business, the main goal should be to have your staff be able to perform their services to the best of their ability. But as a small business owner, you need to take time to understand your financial situation, as well as your business. Financial...
  9. st you would want to figure out what sort of business you want to start. Then you would want to obtain a business license, or an operating agreement. Or if you already have a business, you might want to start a partnership with a new business, or you might want...
  10. Make sure you have a good business plan, and start with a good business idea. Youll want to write a plan thats as realistic as possible, and that lays out your financial goals sales, profits, etc. You also need to figure out which expenses you want to cut, and how...
  11. You need to know a lot about the specifics of your business, but it makes sense to start with a very broad question: What is the best way to write a business plan? Most people think that business plans should be described as a detailed plan with specific goals and...
  12. "To start a business, you need to come up with a business plan, obtain a business license, and choose a location for your business. Once you have these skills and a business license, you can start a business selling your goods or services, such as books, art, or online transactions."
  13. . Make sure you have the space and location for your business, and that you have all the supplies you need. 2. Define a business with the people who buy the goods you are going to sell, and how they will charge.
  14. All you need to do is to give your time, effort, and knowledge to a business entity, and then for that to also be done, it would help to know what business entity youre planning on being. What other details about your plan do you need to know to start...
  15. 1. Research your target market and the industry. 2. Establish your business goals. 3. Identify your unique selling points. 4. Create a thorough financial plan. 5. Outline your marketing strategy. 6. Analyze risks and create contingency plans. 7. Prepare a professional business plan document. 8. Present your plan to potential...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 50] — 449 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Ruger American Rifle The Ruger American Rifle has become a favorite among law enforcement officers around the world, and for good reason. This .22 rimfire rifle is lightweight, easily concealed, and delivers a tremendous rate of fire; all made possible by the lightweight, low-profile, compact design. From the low-profile, removable...
  2. Featuring a full-sized frame, a low slide center of gravity, a balanced balance point between the gas tube and the lower rear end, a positive ejection port, a short-stroke piston and the most efficient powder propellant ever produced by a rifle manufacturer, the PRI-1516 is the ideal rifle for a...
  3. What is it? The CTF-1014 is an add-on kit for the CTF-913 M2A1-M2A1B-M1A1, CTF-811 M203-M203A1, CTF-800 M2A1-M2A1B-M1A1, and M4A1-M4A1C M4A4 rifles, with a 17th" MIL-STD-1913 rail interface for mounting your favorite optic, such as a red dot or even a reflex sight on your weapon. The kit is compatible with...
  4. JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST: Find out the latest product specials. REMOVE SUBSCRIBE Which commercial version pistol from the US Army MHS Trials do you like best? FN 509 CZ P09 SIG P320 SW MP9 Beretta APX Glock 19X Sphinx SDP STI-Detonics STX Results Polls 25 Votes 0 Comments Enter your...
  5. Description The TACCOM extreme 9mm bolt is THE 9mm bolt taken to the next level! First, we use a standard mil spec proven 5.56 pivoting extractor for long service use. Next, we did away with that heavy gas key and replaced it with a low drag, low weight orientation keyall...
  6. The C308 rifle is built around a roller locked delayed blowback system. The C308 battle rifle features a fluted chamber for reliable cycling and extraction, MIL-Spec 1913 Picatinny scope rail permanently mounted to the receiver, polymer furniture, 58x24 RH threaded 18" barrel for use with common muzzle accessories and our...
  7. The CQB pistol is the backbone of Wilson Combat, and when chambered in 10mm it offers all the reliability and performance one expects from this custom builder. The pistol carries an accuracy guarantee of 1 inch at 25 yards thanks to the fact that the 5-inch, stainless, match-grade barrel and...
  8. Description The CQBm features a single-piece baffle built with aerospace-grade CNC technology. The unique design adds only 3.7 to the rifle's length for better maneuverability. Compatible with a mid-length gas system on a 16 barrel, this suppressor features direct-thread attachment and can fit under most full-length free float tubes. Length:...
  9. Cancer and Reproductive Harm- Cancer and Reproductive Harm- www.P65Warnings.ca.gov For those seeking a compact pistol with excellent accuracy, speed, and convenience, the SW MP 9mm Sport III is their choice. Featuring a polymer frame, black-oxide slide and barrel, black-tinted, glass-filled nylon griptrigger guards, and a full-length guide rod- the MP...
  10. Cancer and Reproductive Harm- Cancer and Reproductive Harm- www.P65Warnings.ca.gov Built lightweight and rugged, the Rugged Ridge Lightweight AR-15 Upper Receiver has all-new internal geometry to work well with a variety of carbines, bolt action rifles and even modern rimfire rifles. You're going to be able to run a full-size AR-15...
  11. Finally, the firearms industry's best-worst kept secret is now official. We no longer have to use hushed voices or sneak into the shadows to discuss finger grooves and ambidextrous slide release stop levers ok, I never did either of those things. The Gen5 GLOCK pistols are set to be released...
  12. The number of American homes using high-speed internet is set to climb in 2015 as more and more rural areas come online, according to new research from the Pew Research Center. In the report, the group projected that by 2015 Americans living in small towns and rural areas with less...
  13. I did a search and noticed that there is another thread about this problem with the M4, the AR10.So my question is, how to resolve this problem that I just noticed now.Also, I do have a M4 and I am planning on putting a 10rd magazine in that someday.
  14. This is the third edition of the IWB 1911. It's similar to my second edition, but with slight differences. The difference is more of style than fit. If it isn't already obvious, I prefer the 2nd edition which is the one I'm selling. This one has an extra "thumbhole" safety...
  15. As you read, I will be explaining in the most succinct manner possible using pictures why the CZ Scorpion EVO 3 S1 is one of the most accurate double-action 1911's one can own, in-or-out-of-the-box. The CZ Scorpion EVO can be found at a variety of retailers for around 200, but...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 51] — 888 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. As long time fans can relate to, we have one of the original cars seen in the film and now it's the one that the fans love the most, the Nissan Skyline GT-R. The Skyline is as iconic as its founder and as iconic as anything is going to be,...
  2. After an incredible amount of work, the V-8 powerplant was finally installed on the new 2018 Dodge Grand Caravan, though it will not be available for the US market. The new V8, the third-generation EcoDiesel engine, shares more than 100 components with the Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra Diesel engines....
  3. You could put on a spare tire on the cars trunk. 2 You could put on a spare tire on a trunk and also some spare tires. 3 You could put on a spare tire and then try to get a spare tire off the trunk.
  4. We made one big mistake when we tested the European-spec 4C a few months back: We didn't weigh it. So we don't know just how much weight the car has gained on its journey across the pond it's not 350 lbs as you might have read elsewhere. Alfa's original claims...
  5. We got some great coverage from the UK today with the unveiling of the next generation of our most famous sports car, the S-Class. I had a quick chat with Toni Silvestri, CEO at Bentley Cars, to see why the brand is so excited, and what the future holds for...
  6. Tech Help 2001-2006 Dodge Stratus and Chrysler Sebring Sedans Also see: Second generation Dodge Stratus Chrysler Sebring sedans Hands-on review ! The first generation of the Stratus Sebring Sedan, the Chrysler CirrusDodge StratusPlymouth Breeze, was introduced in 1995. It quickly garnered a number of awards thanks to its comfort, interior...
  7. Its 83 horsepower isn't impressive, but it weighs just 2,140lbs, and that's less than a Mazda MX-5. The car isexported from Mexico to a number of other markets, with the absolute cheapestversion going to the Middle East. Cars don't even need catalyticconverters there to make them legal for sale, and...
  8. By Josh Mortensen Rarely does an article mention an amazing find like this one that has recently hit the auction block. This 1964 Porsche 911S Cabriolet was one of two cars with a "VHTC" designation on the plate underneath the hood at the time of selling for 2,750. This makes...
  9. When someone is dealing with a flat tire, they have two choices: they can get a new tire, or they can put a repair on the tire.
  10. Porsche Australia says it is displeased with the profiteering and flipping that has occurred on its limited-edition vehicles such as the 911 R. The limited-edition and numbered Porsche 911 R, which is essentially a GT3 RS with a manual gearbox and road-focused body work, has seen prices more than double...
  11. MILAN--BUSINESS WIRE--Vincenzetti Cia SpA and Dattel were founded in 1991, as a manufacturing enterprise and manufacturing center for the production of high-performance automotive components. Today, in the area of automotive components, Vincenzetti Cia SpA is the leading manufacturer of automotive components and its products are used in many different industries,...
  12. The story has been around since the beginning of the year, and it's now officially about to find its next owner. That's correct: we heard that the legendary Detroit-based automaker will auction off the Pontiac Firebird GT that it sold back in January. It doesn't sound like Pontiac is giving...
  13. The new, improved and more spacious G1 has a new-ish look: the chrome-laced wheels, the blacked-out, raised dash and in the case of the GX6 it has the classic VW grille on the front. The cabin has been toned down, and the back seat-mounted touchscreen is a little more subtle...
  14. Can you use a motorcycle in place of an automobile to patch a flat tire? If youre having frequent accidents, the tire may need to be repaired. If youre having any difficulties and you dont have any ability to use a motorcycle in place of an automobile to fix the...
  15. We don't know when it will happen, but a new era is starting with the new CX-3. CKW has announced today it will be unveiling something new in the Corvette lineup, the Corvette CX-3. The announcement is made with the new 2016 Corvette Stingray and 2016 Cadillac ATS-V. All these...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 52] — 1793 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. WTTWTS : 2019 Audi A6, LOW MILES! i have an Audi A6 for sale. I got it used, and it only has 70,000 miles! Loaded, supercharged v6, leathr, automaic, navigation. Looking for plane ticketsplane ride to anywhere close to south Florida. M4W : Cuties or whoever! wanted! Dudes can come...
  2. From a reader in Portland, Ore.: I have a similar situation going on right now, and I will be taking steps to address it. I have a car that I bought in 1997. I paid a big chunk of change to get it, and it has only ever been driven...
  3. Hm, I think the easiest explanation is that you might need to update your cars anti-virus. You can do this by hand washing your hands, washing your car, and putting an anti-virus disk onto the car before it starts driving.
  4. - There are different features between the two, - what features about the other car? - What features about the car you want to purchase? - Do you want a car thats a classic model but also has modern technology? - Was the car when you were trying to buy...
  5. Fiat Avventura vs Ford EcoSport: Comparison review 23 Jan, 2015 By Anand Mohan, Zigwheels Crossing over may be a tough task, but there are benefits on the other side as the Fiat Avventura and Ford EcoSport can amply prove. But which crossover should you go for? Let's find out. Crossing...
  6. You might want to check with your local areas motor boutique or auto-parts stores. You might also want to check online reviews from other people who have done a lot of research. This is a good way to learn about a particular model of car. The more reviews there are...
  7. The most efficient way to purchase auto parts is to shop online. Online retailers often offer better prices and more of a selection than traditional brick-and-mortar auto parts stores. Additionally, you can compare prices on different websites to ensure that you get the best deal on the parts you need.
  8. As some of you may know, one of our customers recently took his car in for a service and our service technician found an old fuel filter housing that had been completely stripped and rusted away. The issue in our opinion was that the original filter housing was a little...
  9. I am not familiar with mechanics in the area, but I suggest you research local options in order to find the best service provider for your needs. Checking customer reviews and asking friends and family for recommendations are good ways to locate reliable mechanics.
  10. : Find a reliable car mechanic. 2: Search for a reliable car mechanic.
  11. . On the online search, look for something like auto mechanic near me. If the person is using Google Maps, you can enter Newton, VA 23113, and search from there. If the person is using another browser, then do the same thing. 2. You can also search for a business...
  12. This is a great idea! Id love to know about what your familys favorite mechanic, and what they think about, and if you love that person a lot. When you have a mechanic, and you are feeling angry or sad, I can help with that. If you dont have a...
  13. Proudly Serving Omaha Nearby Areas We know we have a lot of competition for your business in Omaha, but we also know what sets us apart from other auto repair shopsquality, professionalism, and personal customer service. Based on our great reputation and many referrals, we have customers from all over...
  14. Are you talking about buying a used car, or selling a car that is already fit? If buying a used car, it would help if you could compare different models.
  15. The world's first commercial electric motorcycle EV is set to go into commercial production next month following a successful test at a test facility in China. The bike, which will be unveiled by the San Diego-based ride-sharing service Lyft on Friday in an event at the San Diego Convention Centre,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 53] — 461 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. WASHINGTON Reuters - U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday declared Obamacare "dead" and "gone," but urged Republicans and Democrats in Congress to craft a short-term fix of healthcare markets under the 7-year-old law that critics say he has effectively sabotaged. U.S. President Donald Trump speaks to the media with U.S....
  2. It's no secret that the US State Department has been involved in efforts to derail or obstruct the implementation of Obamacare the healthcare reform law currently under fierce assault by the Trump administration and congressional Republicans. At a time when health insurance coverage for millions of Americans is on the...
  3. A health care town hall with Sen. Pat Toomey R-PA went ahead as planned on Tuesday, minus the senator himself. In an Allentown church, hundreds gathered to relay their concerns about the future of the Affordable Care Act ACA under President Donald Trump, and to condemn Toomey's continued support for...
  4. "We are doing a tremendous amount of research on this issue," said Mary O'Hara, a senior adviser to Mr. Obama. "And the American people are listening." The White House has also been engaged in an effort to build relationships with Republican leaders, who have shown themselves receptive to the president's...
  5. Mediterranean diet, which is what you call when you mix together two types of vegetables, one kind of type of vegetable and one type of vegetable, and then you eat those fruits. They are vegetables with lots of flavor, a lot of vegetables in the raw, but still the whole...
  6. In January, President Donald Trump, along with Republican lawmakers, announced a series of initiatives at Gettysburg, calling upon Congress to pass a replacement for the Affordable Care Act ACA, also known as Obamacare. It was a surprise move for Trump, and it is likely a surprise for the American public...
  7. A majority of voters say the Republican plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare will be a step back for the country rather than an improvement, according to a new Harvard-Harris Poll survey provided exclusively to The Hill. The survey found that 51 percent of registered voters view the GOP effort...
  8. In a bid to address the nation's health care crisis, President-elect Donald J. Trump announced today the formation of a White House commission tasked with providing him a report on reforming the health care system. Leading the effort will be Republican National Committee Chief of Staff Reince Preibus, who in...
  9. The US dollar hit a fresh seven-year high Monday as fears of a new fiscal stimulus in the United States took hold in trading ahead of Tuesday's crucial House of Representatives vote on the Republican healthcare bill. The greenback climbed as high as 1.21, its highest level since June 2013,...
  10. Senate Republican leaders are racing to strike a health care deal by Friday that appeases opposing factions of their conference and there appears to be no breakthrough yet in negotiations. On one hand, there are moderate senators who are critical of the original bill's Medicaid provisions, who want more funding...
  11. By Jonathan Stempel NEW YORK Reuters - U.S. hedge funds lost out in the U.S. House of Representatives elections on Tuesday, but they did much to keep President Barack Obama's health reform law from becoming a law of the land, while providing some votes for Democrats. Hedge fund managers' money...
  12. In the final hours before Wednesday's vote on the Senate's ObamaCare repeal-and-replace bill, GOP leaders have to find an extra 45 billion in additional funding to help offset the cost of the bill and offset the effects of cuts sought by the White House. The extra money would likely go...
  13. 1. Mediterranean Diet For Beginners: A Comprehensive Guide to Healthy Eating Weight Loss by Rockridge Press 2. The Mediterranean Diet for Beginners: The Complete GuideIncludes Delicious Recipes and Meal Plans for Healthy Eating by Rockridge Press 3. The Mediterranean Diet Plan: Lose Weight, Feel Better and Live a Sustainable, Healthy...
  14. Mediterranean diets are a type of diet that involves eating foods that are grown, raw, andor made in a certain way. This type of diet includes foods like fruits, vegetables, and meat, as well as the traditional Italian salad. There are a number of health benefits to eating Mediterranean, like...
  15. Suppose, for a moment, that you worked as a staff member to a Democratic member of Congress, or perhaps in the Obama administration, or in the world of academics and think tank experts advising both. Perhaps you worked countless all-nighters on the language of the Affordable Care Act or the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 54] — 2734 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The Obama administration on Friday said that it is preparing to announce sweeping changes to the Affordable Care Act that aim to make it easier for younger, healthier adults to buy private plans, a strategy that would also extend coverage to millions of older Americans. The changes if they are...
  2. The best time to buy and sell marijuana is before recreational sales go into effect, according to an industry analyst with a broad view of the sector. Growers and investors have yet to get a glimpse of how consumers will feel about the new pot markets after Ottawa moves next...
  3. The federal government is moving forward with plans to make marijuana a legal substance, according to a Wall Street Journal report. The announcement would follow an announcement last month that Canada's Parliament would hold hearings to consider decriminalizing marijuana. The hearings, to be held in December and June respectively, will...
  4. States together spent somewhere around 3.6 billion enforcing marijuana possession laws in 2010, according to a new study by the American Civil Liberties Union, entitled "The War On Marijuana In Black and White." That's the authors' "best estimate," though approximations using different methodologies put the cost as high as 6...
  5. The city of Calgary is working with the Alberta Gaming and Liquor Commission to develop rules for marijuana dispensaries, said the commission's commissioner. "From our perspective, the legalization of the recreational use of cannabis has the potential to transform the current retail environment into a much different one, so that's...
  6. During the online-only portion of Fox News Channel's "Special Report" on Wednesday night, Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer laid out his theory on what Obamacare's real intended purpose is: an instrument to redistribute wealth. Krauthammer made that claim in his column last week, but he explained how it works in...
  7. The Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Justice are launching a formal public interest review that will look at the impact of marijuana legalization efforts on the nation's prisons. The announcement came from federal and state agencies on Monday, and was met with praise by the American Civil...
  8. The Washington State Department of Health is the licensing authority for all products, foods, and medicines sold in the state of Washington. They also are responsible for inspecting and approving all food products sold through this state to ensure that they comply with Washington's food safety laws for sale. What...
  9. The second major piece of legislation to be introduced as a replacement for Obamacare is the American Health Care Act, or the American Health Care Act, introduced by Rep. Mark Meadows R-N.C. The bill is a plan to bring down insurance premiums more rapidly and increase access to health care...
  10. Reformers should start building a coalition to push for expanding the bill and making it more affordable. The whining from some fast-food chains that they won't be able to afford paying for their employees' health coverage under Obamacare have gotten a lot of press. But what is more troubling is...
  11. In a move that is sure to anger those who have recently fought against it, the White House has announced plans to begin an overhaul of the nation's health spending system. The announcement by Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius would include significant changes to programs that provide health...
  12. The University of Colorado Denver has in recent years moved to distance itself from the state-sanctioned marijuana industry by banning a host of marijuana-related departments. The school also launched an effort to change state law to make pot legal. But on Thursday, the school came out with a plan to...
  13. Will Someone Ask Pelosi About the Original Cost Projections of Obamacare? Remember when Nancy Pelosi said we must pass Obama Care to see what was in it? We also remember that she and hers said Obamacare would lower the deficit and everyone would be able to keep their doctors and...
  14. BOULDER -- The University of Wisconsin-Boulder campus is has no plan to build a medical marijuana dispensary. UW officials and the UW-Boulder Police Department jointly said they will not have a location or hours of operation. In a press release, Chancellor Philip Starr wrote that marijuana is not a medication...
  15. Alberta unveils marijuana framework, calls for minimum age of 18 to buy Alberta has unveiled its proposed framework for marijuana legalization , which calls for a minimum age of 18 to buy or use cannabis . The province has yet to decide whether stores selling marijuana will be publicly or...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 55] — 510 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I think it's safe to say that many men feel this way, and a number of psychologists and psychiatrists who study men's issues have concluded that it's a widespread problem, and it's an extremely difficult one to get away from. For many men, however, they aren't sure where to begin...
  2. The fastest way to make money online is by leveraging your existing skills or connections to monetize them. Airbnb and Uber are two popular options to make money quickly, as are freelance platforms like Upwork or Fiverr. You can also look into becoming an influencer on social media and earn...
  3. You might want to try to find an employer who is willing to pay you what you want. Or you might want to tell an employee that they might not even be paid as much as an employer.
  4. A serious disorder called depression is characterized by mood disorder, which is a pattern of feeling unhappy with various things, including circumstances and situations over a period of time, and seeking to create and sustain relationships, without adequate social functioning. The person with a mild form of depression was able...
  5. Have you tried exercising? I dont mean jogging or running, but Id recommend just going outside for a minute, to get some exercise. Exercise and a healthy diet can help you feel good without taking any medicine, and also can help you prevent depression.
  6. The most common symptoms of a panic attack include a feeling of intense fear or dread, rapid heart rate, sweating, shortness of breath, shaking, chest pain, feeling faint or dizzy, feeling detached from reality, and a fear of impending doom.
  7. One way to improve your negotiation skills is to practice. Try to simulate different negotiation scenarios and practice negotiating with someone else. Additionally, try to research effective negotiation techniques and strategies, and review them before beginning a negotiation. Lastly, pay close attention to the other persons perspective and try to...
  8. You may have a panic attack if you experience a combination of physical and psychological symptoms, such as: increased heart rate, shortness of breath, chest pain or tightness, feeling overwhelmed, feelings of impending doom, feelings of detachment, and sweating. If you are experiencing any of these symptoms, it is important...
  9. I feel like the most common symptoms are: -Dishearing -I feel nervous when you have trouble talking or talking with others -You have trouble doing the things that you once did without a lot of trouble -You know the feeling of excitement and excitement when you have something in the...
  10. Knowing your objectives beforehand. 2 Researching your counterpart and their interests. 3 Presenting alternate solutions. 4 Being prepared to compromise. 5 Active listening and summarizing what has been discussed. 6 Being assertive and confident in your approach. 7 Establishing an open and honest dialogue. 8 Staying calm under pressure. 9...
  11. The best way to know if you're actually dealing with depression is to talk to a trained professional. They can help clarify whether your feelings are due to depression or just feeling blue. Additionally, take a self-assessment using a questionnaire designed to screen for depression. This can provide an indication...
  12. Depression is a serious mental health condition that can cause emotional distress, headache, insomnia, and loss of interest. It is also very often closely linked with substance abuse and addiction problems. Depression can also be linked with certain physical symptoms, such as brain unactivity or a lack of energy, loss...
  13. I'm sorry to hear that you're experiencing pain in your joints and feeling depressed. It's important to speak with a medical professional about your symptoms and concerns. They will be able to recommend treatment options based on the specific causes of your joint pain and your overall health. In the...
  14. If I understand you correctly, you want to know how to set a goal for making purchases, and then use that goal to get my money to where you want it?
  15. Some common negotiating strategies include using win-win negotiation, establishing a goal before beginning negotiation, focusing on underlying interests, asking questions to gain information, making small concessions, and speaking calmly and cooperatively.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 56] — 574 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Sure! 3D printing is a way to create three-dimensional objects by building them layer by layer. To do this, a 3D printer takes a digital design file and turns it into a physical object by laying down thin layers of material, such as plastic or metal, one on top of...
  2. Rent the Treadmill The Treadmill is a free 3D printer rental service based in Santa Fe, New Mexico. We use local manufacturing to supply you with a powerful, quality 3D printer right off your doorstep. We are a 3D printer rental company in Santa Fe, New Mexico. We rent 3D...
  3. A 3D printer is a machine that can create three-dimensional objects by building them up layer by layer. Here's how it works: First, you need to design or download a 3D model of the object you want to print. This is usually done using special software on a computer. Next,...
  4. A phone vibrates because of a small motor inside it that moves a weight back and forth very quickly. This movement creates a vibration that you can feel. To create the vibration, the motor spins a weight called an eccentric mass attached to its shaft. The motor and weight are...
  5. Quantum physics is the branch of physics that deals with the behavior of matter and energy at the subatomic and the atomic level. It involves studying phenomena at the level of individual particles, such as electrons and photons, and explains how particles interact with each other and with their environment....
  6. What's the most useful tool you use to accomplish something every day or at least something you find useful? Why is it useful? Can it be taught? A while back I wrote up an article about a tool I used to find an answer to a very simple question: what...
  7. Sure. In quantum mechanics, at the time that quantum-mechanics was invented, they were not thought of as an a-science. They were thought of as a subject-based physics, just as mechanics was thought to be a subject-based physics. In order to test the validity of quantum mechanics, physicists in the twentieth...
  8. The basic principles of quantum mechanics are the three laws of quantum mechanics, which are called the quantum rules. These rules determine what happens to a system in a time-dilation, called The Past, in which an existing event that occurred in the past can only occur in a small, small...
  9. Quantum physics is the study of the behavior of energy and matter at the scale of atoms, particles, and the subatomic world. In simple terms, it's the exploration of how things work on the smallest scales. To put it even more simply, quantum physics is the science of how tiny...
  10. -3-of-the-is-a-nourring on the front line. He was one of the earliest researchers in physics as an attempt to make a theoretical approach to science. The theory of Quantum Mechanics was one of the first to be made possible in the front line. I was the first to use quantum theory...
  11. I had never been that good at mathematics at a younger age, and then I got into college and I studied it very intensively when I was young and I became really good at it and then I started reading about the quantum mechanical thing and I just became fascinated...
  12. It's not too late to do it! For only 250 and no commitments, we're offering access to the new version of the D-Coty Cine 3D Printer as an early bird promotion! With this special promo access, you'll see the 3D Printer version of D-Coty's new CineCAM system as soon as...
  13. The main principles of quantum mechanics are the Heisenberg uncertainty principle, the wave-particle duality, the principle of superposition, the Pauli exclusion principle, the Schrödinger equation, and the Born rule.
  14. Yes, quantum physics is a very important field of theoretical physics, which is the study of how matter and energy interrelate. It is a formal study of the principles of quantum physics, using mathematical tools and mathematical reasoning. Quantum physics is concerned with the relationship between particles of matter and...
  15. What you are describing is called a Top Level Domain , or TLD . The organization reasonable is known as ICANN , or the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers . Basically , they decide what TLDs should be made , which often makes some . weird ones like...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 57] — 358 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. In a first for U.S. forces, an American special operations forces soldier, a Navy SEAL and a Jordanian fighter will be flying a new multi-rotor drone through the streets of Iraq this weekend. The four drones will conduct close air support with the Iraqi security forces, the U.S. military said...
  2. To make a great cup of coffee, you should start by using freshly ground coffee beans. Use filtered or spring water to make your cup of coffee. Make sure that you use the correct ratio of coffee to water for your preferred brewing method. When brewing, use the correct brewing...
  3. Luyt also noted the Royal Netherlands Air Force is laying the groundwork to transition from its F-16s to the F-35. He said the F-16 has been used nonstop for the past 25 years. "That's a track record for a Dutch weapon system," Luyt said.
  4. Facts, Figures Comparisons: 2014 2015 F-16 Production F16AB Aircraft Inventory FAR F16C Production F-18 Production F16CD Production FACT: Production numbers differ from year to year due to product lifecycle. This means actual production numbers include both F16 and F18 production. CAUTION: We expect F-16 C and D production numbers to...
  5. The best way to make coffee at home is with a good quality coffee maker. Start by grinding fresh coffee beans to the desired grind size and then add the desired amount of grounds to the coffee maker. Fill the machine with fresh water and turn it on. Once your...
  6. The US Navy has the most advanced submarine fleets on the planet, each equipped with advanced equipment such as the F35B. The US has announced it has successfully conducted its second successful test of the F35B, the multi-mission carrier aircraft. The first successful test was successfully conducted in December 2011...
  7. A report has emerged from the Department of Defense DOD regarding a plan to integrate unmanned aerial vehicles into the fleet of manned fighter jets within the next few years. The report indicates US Central Command CENTCOM is developing a plan to replace the existing FA-18 jet fighter aircraft with...
  8. The US Air Force is considering developing a new stealth attack drone with the ability to autonomously follow a "kill chain" of drone strikes with one target. The technology is seen by some military strategists as a potential game-changing capability for future conflict with the Islamic Republic of Iran and...
  9. The U.S. Navy plans to purchase six more FA-18 Hornets to help fight piracy off the coast of Yemen. The Navy plans to add six FA-18EF Super Hornets to the carrier strike group, the Navy Times reports. The Hornets would replace the aging FA-18 EF Super Hornet and Super Hornet...
  10. The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter fleet hit the 100,000 flight hours mark without a single crash, a significant milestone for a major aircraft program. Although the F-35 has had three major fires, including one in midair, no planes have been lost in collisions with the ground, and there have been...
  11. The U.S. Navy's newest aircraft the F-35C is reportedly set to take to the skies again during a recent test in South Carolina. According to Aviation Week, the Navy launched the new F-35 "Super Hornet" off the coast of Virginia on Monday. "With an estimated production order of about 2,443...
  12. The U.S. military is looking to find a new location to build a new, more lethal bomb for the Joint Direct Attack Munition JDAM that the U.S. used to blow up an airplane that was carrying missiles inside Yemen on Saturday. The Pentagon issued a request for information RFI last...
  13. The New Zealand Police Force is launching an investigation into claims that it is using social media spyware on officers. The move by the Force comes after the Government agreed a deal to provide it with surveillance equipment from the US firm Stingray. NZ Police Commissioner Mike Bush says the...
  14. The US Navy is taking delivery of the first of six F-35B stealth fighter jets. The F-35B is a smaller version of the F-35A, which is intended for operations and support tasks. The first of the six F-35B jets will be delivered to the US Marine Corps in early 2016...
  15. The US military has been testing a drone, the first time the U.S. has employed a weaponized drone in combat in the Middle East. The Army says the unmanned aircraft known as the MQ-9 Reaper has flown more than 30 missions at U.S. bases in South Carolina and in Djibouti,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 58] — 1745 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The US Department of Public Safety has found no evidence that firearms sold to people prohibited from buying guns are making it out of the country, the agency's director said. As a result, the department, which licenses and oversees the sale of guns made and used in the United States,...
  2. The National Rifle Association has been involved with gun legislation for generations, and as a gun control lobbying organization, the gun lobby takes a "back of the hand" approach to opposing proposals that will benefit law-abiding gun owners and law enforcement members. But when it comes to making a case...
  3. Photo by Scott OlsonGetty Images. Emily Bazelon Emily Bazelon is a staff writer at the New York Times Magazine and the author of Sticks and Stones. In the wake of the Newtown shooting, Supreme Court watchers assured us that most of the possibilities for new gun regulation are indisputably legal,...
  4. WASHINGTON Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court may weigh in this week on gun control, an issue smoldering again following the June 12 Orlando massacre, with the justices due to decide whether to hear a challenge by gun rights advocates to assault weapon bans in two states. A woman walks...
  5. While the shooting at Connecticut's Sandy Hook Elementary School has prompted a national gun control debate, President Barack Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder will still push to allow immigrants to purchase firearms more easily. Normally, the Department of Justice's Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives ATF requires legal...
  6. A new set of ads by the liberal group MoveOn.org are making the rounds, trying to convince viewers that Republicans are doing away with their second amendment right to bear arms. In the ad, one man is shown carrying his two-shot hunting rifle with a pistol and two magazines in...
  7. The U.S. Supreme Court SCOTUS heard arguments Friday on the constitutionality of the Second Amendment to the Constitution, a case that could drastically alter the landscape for gun ownership in the U.S. The case, District of Columbia v. Heller, examines whether the Amendment prevents Congress from banning handguns without further...
  8. D.C. Council member Kenyan R. McDuffie D-Ward 7 called the proposal to ban the sale and transfer of firearms at licensed gun retailers a "dangerous gun lobby proposal" during the council's Wednesday hearing. Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers, blasted the proposal, which she argues will only...
  9. Barely a year after the Supreme Court ruled that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental human right guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution's Second Amendment, a state appellate court ruling has thrown the issue back into the spotlight in Tennessee. In a 9-0 Supreme Court decision, the...
  10. This week's top three stories have to do with gun-control activists and a major case in New York. The news around gun-violence prevention is that the number of women killed by domestic violence is increasing. That includes a woman who was shot by a person who had a gun. In...
  11. "We haven't seen anything like this," said Dan O'Neill, a spokesman of the National Rifle Association's state affiliate, the Virginia Citizens Defense League. "We could be on the cusp of something dramatic, just as the California gun ban came into effect, and we ended up having hundreds of thousands of...
  12. In an opinion that has implications for the future of the United States Department of Justice, a three-judge panel today ruled against the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives on a long standing federal agency law. The law allows gun sellers to be sued under the NFA when "a...
  13. What are the different laws that regulate Guns in America? Im talking about both the federal law and the state laws. Here are some general principles: -First, a government must have the authority to make laws that regulate how, to regulate what, to borrow money from the state government. -Most...
  14. The Supreme Court has refused to hear a review of the validity of the government's blanket ban on the import of the import, sale and transfer of small arms that includes ammunition. "We will rule in the case itself in the near future," attorney Peter Shirk told reporters Saturday outside...
  15. There is a very clear case for government regulation when it comes to firearms and ammunition manufacturers and retailers like Sportsmans Outdoor Superstore. But when it comes to other products ranging from the products they sell to the way they are marketed to consumers; a more narrow set of regulatory...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 59] — 973 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The Obama administration has released a copy of its secret domestic spying order issued last year that would permit the National Security Agency to monitor all cell phone calls, faxes and text messages originating outside the US without court or judge review. As part of their campaign against a lawless...
  2. The US National Security Agency, as a "black budget" obtained by the Guardian shows, has been able to fund "unprecedented" covert attacks on "suspected terrorists", with some costs believed to be in the hundreds of millions of pounds. The NSA's budget, called the "black budget", is not published every year...
  3. SALT LAKE CITY While the National Security Agency was using the bulk data collection program called Section 215 of the Patriot Act to search for terrorists, the head of the agency was giving tours to local companies, touting Utah's role in the military and technology development. The Utah governor's office...
  4. The National Security Agency could use the United Nations to monitor Internet traffic. But, to do so, the National Security Agency would have to make sure the Internet is not used for mass surveillance. On Monday, the U.N. Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination published a controversial report critical...
  5. If you haven't heard of the "snooping" scandal at National Security Agency, this is the place for you to read about it. The NSA has been accused of collecting information on an entire country's citizens including its leaders and senior government officials in violation of the constitution and other international...
  6. The National Security Agency and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are running surveillance programs that are illegal, unconstitutional and likely to leave a permanent digital footprint of Americans' lives, according to a report from the government's top intelligence official. The surveillance programs violate constitutional bans against warrantless searches, unconstitutional searches...
  7. The National Security Agency NSA violated federal laws and violated the Constitution by collecting vast amounts of American phone data that it then shared with the Department of Justice and local law enforcement, according to the White House and its allies. The president's legal adviser, Susan E. Rice, and her...
  8. "When I get a call for advice from the government, for assistance from government, I say go for it," said Mr. Paul, a Republican elected in 2010. "Government's got no right to tell you what to do when it believes that you are doing something wrong. That's not the role...
  9. The US National Security Agency spied on the communications of French President François Hollande, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, and others, Wikileaks revealed today. It's hard to know exactly how far back in time the spying took place, due to a lack of documentation. However, according...
  10. In the year that the US government has been monitoring the movements of the US population, it has revealed that it also spies on the movements of foreign nationals. The FBI, the Central Intelligence Agency and the National Security Agency have all sent their analysts to target US citizens who...
  11. I've received some emails from people who are afraid that all of this information will come to the attention of the authorities. The FBI, NSA and all of the other agencies in the intelligence and law enforcement community are aware of all of this information and have been working on...
  12. In the summer of 2013, in what was called an "unprecedented" act of defiance against a federal judge's order to release the names of U.S. National Security Agency NSA employees with access to the agency's extensive surveillance programs, a whistleblower group took it upon itself to identify the agency's employees...
  13. The U.S. National Security Agency used the Internet to spy on European Union nations as well as allies of the United States and allied countries like France throughout the 1980s, according to a Washington Post investigation. The report, released Thursday, said the National Security Agency NSA has been spying on...
  14. The United States' new, high-tech space spy agency, named USA Insight, was just sworn in yesterday. It's being funded with 5 billion from NASA. It's just one small part of the national space program, but it's the very latest in a long line of secretive agencies in the national security...
  15. The New York Times reports that the American Civil Liberties Union is asking a federal court to block the enforcement of the law. The government would be allowed to use the information to prosecute criminals even if they have not been convicted but any information related to an "ongoing investigation"...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 60] — 330 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The best vitamins to take for good health are Vitamin D, Vitamin C, Vitamin B12, and Vitamin A. It is also important to ensure that you have a balanced diet that includes plenty of fruits and vegetables.
  2. Vitamin B12 is a water-soluble vitamin that is essential for several important functions in the body. It plays a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system, and is also required for the production of red blood cells and DNA. Some of the key functions of...
  3. After more than four decades of a failed war on drugs, calls for a change in strategy are growing louder by the day. In Latin America, the debate is positively deafening. Statesmen from Colombia, Guatemala, Mexico and Uruguay are taking the lead for transformations in their own drug regime, which...
  4. The best diet for your lifestyle depends on your individual needs and goals. Depending on your specific needs, you may opt for a balanced diet that focuses on fresh, whole foods and limits processed and refined foods. You may also choose to focus on eating more fruits, vegetables and whole...
  5. When it comes to a healthy lifestyle, there simply is no substitute for healthy eating. To help you improve your quality of life and health, the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics has compiled a list of healthy eating tips and recipes. You can explore the recommendations with our Health E-Cookbook,...
  6. The latest report by the International Monetary Fund is a reminder of the need for the UK to retain its place as the largest net contributor to the EU budget. It shows that the UK continues to spend 4.5 of GDP, and will only fall to 3.2 from 2017 to...
  7. That's a great question! Eating healthier doesn't have to mean sacrificing taste; there are plenty of ways you can enjoy tasty meals while still making sure you're eating good-for-you foods. Here are some ideas: try switching up your usual recipes by using healthier ingredients like whole wheat, brown rice, and...
  8. Depending on your health goals, it is important to consider a diet that is rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, lean proteins, low-fat dairy products, and healthy fats like avocado and nuts. Additionally, you may want to limit your consumption of processed and sugary foods in order to achieve the...
  9. The latest figures show the government is spending 1.3bn or 7 of GDP of taxpayers' money fighting the war on drugs. As one of Britain's most popular drugs, cannabis is the subject of regular campaigns by the UK government, the police and drug prevention groups. This year also marks the...
  10. "The problem is that the U.S. cannot solve its economy, nor create the jobs not on its own, not if Congress does not increase growth," he said, adding that U.S. GDP growth was slower than that of many countries. In Europe, Mr. Hollande is facing resistance at home to the...
  11. The latest nutrition news is that the World Health Organization WHO has released new guidelines on healthy eating to help reduce the risk of non-communicable diseases. The guidelines recommend eating a variety of foods, including plenty of fruits, vegetables, and whole grains, as well as limiting highly processed and sugary...
  12. Well, heres a basic list of tips for healthy eating: -Eat vegetables and other plant foods -Eat lean meats and other proteins -Eat a variety of foods and take a look at the list of healthy foods -Cut out foods, such as candy, doughnuts, and refined carbs -Eat a variety...
  13. . Vets: Vitamins from my database, and we could list some basic nutrients you can eat as a start, since that might help you figure out what else you need to take along with your food.
  14. In the context of your question, I think a healthy diet consists of a number of nutrients and components, and their inter-relationship. If thats not a good answer, let me know and Ill try to elaborate and maybe we could get closer. Here goes: - Vitamins - Vitamins and minerals...
  15. For your health, the good-health answer is that you need three kinds of minerals: Vitamins, minerals, and water. That three-word phrase captures all of the nutrients that are found in foods, water, and milk, which give you the nutrients from your milk. A healthy diet would provide you with enough...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 61] — 3557 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. A little more than 100 days into the new legislative session, the Georgia General Assembly has not addressed another pressing issue in our state: Our growing addiction to opioids. According to the Department of Public Health, nearly 4,500 Georgians died from opioid-related deaths last year, and an additional 4,100 died...
  2. In the midst of a media blitz this week, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration DEA announced yet more crackdowns on synthetic drugs, claiming the new drug "bath salts" often referred to as "bathtub salts" have become a "public health emergency" due to the effects of these drugs, such as anxiety,...
  3. It seems like the biggest problem in the UK right now has to do with the government's use of tax havens. So much so, that it's even been used as an argument against cutting corporation tax from 20 to 17. But does this really matter? Are tax havens such an...
  4. Try to imphrase what you mean when you say How do I speak Spanish?. That would give you a great way to start learning how to speak Spanish. 2 Try to think about what you know when you say French? or English?. Then try to think about how those languages...
  5. You might want to try the online community for English speakers. They might know some Spanish, and let you learn that, and they might be able to practice some speech. Or if you want help with your English identity, you might want to try your local library. You might be...
  6. The best way to detox from sugar is to gradually reduce your sugar intake over time and replace sugary foods and drinks with healthier alternatives like fresh fruits, vegetables, whole grains, lean proteins, and unsweetened dairy products. It is also important to stay hydrated and to limit processed and packaged...
  7. In recent years, the United States has campaigned against international "tax havens" that assist multinational corporations in reducing their U.S tax liabilities. This is accomplished by shifting U.S. profits to a low-tax jurisdiction such as Bermuda or the Cayman Islands. The Treasury Department also has been attacking the use of...
  8. I recommend cutting back on processed foods and refined carbs. Processed foods are made from a variety of different oils, such as olive oil, olive oil, avocado oil, and canola oil. The refined carbs that these foods contain, have been linked to increased levels of stress, obesity, and cardiovascular disease....
  9. Im happy to help you learn Spanish, but first Id like to get your input on how youre currently learning Spanish. Are you learning Spanish online? And do you have already gained some fluency in Spanish?
  10. English first. Learn the ABCs. Then Spanish first. Once you know some Spanish in English, its probably a lot easier to learn how to convert between the two languages.
  11. On Wednesday, the Washington State Department of Health announced that there had been a two-fold increase in the number of drug overdoses over the past year. The report, entitled "Drug Overdose Prevention and Control," found a total of 1,664 drug overdoses across the state from January through July 2016. In...
  12. Here are some tips: - Focus your calorie intake. Most people eat a lot of calories in a week, but whats the most amount you can eat week-free. A typical number for this is 120 calories per pound equivalent to 60 grams of carbs, and 56 grams of sugar. Eat...
  13. Image copyright Reuters The Spanish government is looking at ways to impose fines if firms overstate their foreign sales and use them to increase profits. The country's tax office says such "indirect tax fraud" costs the nation nearly 7bn 6bn; 9bn a year. A recent investigation by Spain's High Court...
  14. A day after the president's visit to Mexico, the Mexican government announced it had issued a temporary stop to the use of Narcan, a drug overdose antidote widely used in Mexico. This ban does not apply to emergency workers or to the families of addicts who have to be revived...
  15. A new type of synthetic drug may bring an end to opioid addiction in New York City, but it may cause a lot more trouble in the suburbs and beyond, experts warned. Experts warned today that a synthetic form of heroin has just hit the streets, and they're warning it...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 62] — 410 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. You have the right to be forgotten: Google announces new plan to delete old search results In a new feature, Google's algorithm automatically deletes Google Images, Gmail, YouTube and other Internet documents as users browse the internet. Google is now adding a new type of search feature to the Internet...
  2. Sure! An LED short for light emitting diode is a type of light bulb that works differently than a filament bulb. A filament bulb works by passing electricity through a thin wire called a filament. The electricity makes the filament hot, and the heat makes the filament glow, which produces...
  3. What about the cost to build the KRMx02 CNC? The estimated cost to build the 30" x 27" KRMx02 CNC is around 3500. This includes all the steel, aluminum, hardware, 2-14 HP router, controller, stepper motors, power supply and hookup cables, and a Mach 3 license. Keep this in mind...
  4. The formula for calculating the area of a triangle is A  12  base  height.
  5. Free install kit ships with the purchase of a Full Body protector. Limit 1 Free kit per order. Additional install kits can be purchased HERE Alternative Views: Price: 9.99 Click to view another Options Screen Protector 9.99 Back Only Protector 9.99 FULL BODY Free Install Kit 14.99 Spartan Tempered Glass...
  6. To calculate the area of a triangle, you will need to know the triangle's base and height. Once you have these two measurements, you can then use the formula A  12 x base x height to find the area of the triangle.
  7. A new, low power LED driver that can be easily integrated into applications Lighting has come a long way over the years: LEDs and LEDs-based chips have replaced the use of incandescent, fluorescent and halogen light bulbs. As the LEDs are brighter and more efficient, LEDs have also been integrated...
  8. ping through the cell channels on my scanner. I pick up a call between two men. Guy 1 has a thick New York accent and says, look, you got ta get to the book today, I got ta lock'' I guess guy 2 must be in Vegas and says, Your...
  9. Yes, there is a shortcut for calculating the area of a triangle. It is known as Heron's Formula and it involves using the length of the three sides of the triangle to calculate the area.
  10. WMAS.'' James looked up at the clock. You're kidding.'' They're loud and clear.'' Alan turned the volume up. -- THREE ONE. EIGHT THREE ZERO SIX SIX.'' James whistled in admiration, amazement. There's no way they're on the main grid. Why the hell aren't they transmitting an emergency broadcast?'' The wheels...
  11. To calculate the area of a triangle, you need to know the lengths of all three sides of the triangle. Once you have this information, you can use the formula A  12baseheight to calculate the area.
  12. The circumference of a circle with a radius of 5 cm is 31.42 cm.
  13. 21 reviews: 4.9 0 .91 This item ships free worldwide This itemworldwide working. stock In stock format model 10 Pieces, Random Colors 12 Pieces, 12 Colors 2 Pieces, 2 Colors 2 Pieces, 2 Colors - B 2 Pieces, 2 Colors - C 2 Pieces, 2 Colors - D 3 Pieces,...
  14. The area of a triangle is typically calculated using the formula A  12  base  height. The base is the length of any side of the triangle and the height is the distance between the base and the opposite vertex.
  15. Policies This page contains current policy i.e. policies for our services and products as it stands at this time. In order to keep this page up to date, we keep it updated with information that may be relevant andor current. Our customers are welcome to use other policies, such as...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 63] — 327 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The weather in London today is cloudy and cool, with temperatures in the mid-50s Fahrenheit.
  2. The average temperature in November is 31F, and the average temperature in December is 27F. For reference, the average temperature of the United States in the United States is 39.5F.
  3. The weather in New York City today is sunny and mild, with temperatures in the mid-60s to low 70s.
  4. If youre asking what is the average temperature in any of June, July and August, I can give you average temperatures for month-to-month. If youre looking specifically for June, July and August, I can give you average temperatures for those months. I can tell you that June, July and August...
  5. Michigan State Police are keeping an eye on drivers in the left lane, and some Troopers are choosing to pull over those vehicles. People who drive under the speed limit in the left lane is not an uncommon sight. Michigan State Police wants to keep traffic flowing safely, and in...
  6. The climate in London this week is expected to be mild with temperatures averaging in the mid-50s Fahrenheit 12-15 Celsius. There is a chance of rain, with a few showers predicted for Wednesday.
  7. The temperature yesterday in San Francisco was approximately 67 degrees Fahrenheit.
  8. Todays weather in Salt Lake City, Utah is in the low 60-70F range. This is a slight higher than the temperature there a few hours ago.
  9. In December, the mean temperature in South Africa is 35.7C.
  10. Tuesday 20 Partly Cloudy Cloudy early with peeks of sunshine expected late. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 83F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Wednesday 100 Thunderstorm Thunderstorms likely. High 74F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 100. Locally heavy rainfall possible. Thursday 80 Thunderstorm...
  11. As of April 2018 the maximum speed limit on Interstate 84 is 65 miles per hour. From April 2018, the maximum speed limit on Interstate 84 will increase to 70 miles per hour. The speed limit may be changed during certain emergencies. The change would be effective when the speed...
  12. Oh yes the weather is very nice in New York, with a mean temperature of 72. Weather is often very good at one week.
  13. The average temperature in San Francisco in February is usually around 55F 13C.
  14. The weather in London in the summer is usually warm and sunny, with temperatures ranging around 20C 68F during the day, and cooler temperatures in the evening.
  15. Sydney's sky is the right size for cyclists' needs Updated The most reliable time of day to cycle in Sydney is between 7:00 am and 3:00 pm, according to the most recent cycling research by the Bicycle Network. This is the time when it is best for safety, visibility and...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 64] — 1022 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. How does one get a job at Microsoft? With the Microsoft Job Openings website you have the freedom to search for Microsoft jobs all over Microsoft and submit your cover letter, resume and work experience for consideration. In addition to completing a short application form you will be asked a...
  2. "A good job description in this job area is 'good at your job', and 'good at what you do'. This is essential for successful entry into the job market." I'm always looking for the most interesting job descriptions and I'm sure you are too and what might be on your...
  3. Sure, thats a great question! I can help with this in a number of ways. I can list some of the different career paths that are possible for you, so that you can figure out what career path is most suitable for you. I can also help you think about...
  4. If you wanted to pursue a career in professional power, but without the help of being established, for example, there might be good online resources. A great place to start is a site that offers free education costs. You can browse this site for free, then learn about other good...
  5. How to Find and Use the Right Home Office Jobs Home Office jobs are a great way to start your career. There are also lots of other ways such as internships to get a foot in the door in the workplace and use your career as a spring board.
  6. Youre in luck, lets say youve found a company that does those kinds of services, such as independent job-hunters. They also have work that can help you while youre doing that job, which means they would give you a paid opportunity to find and pay that money. Do you know...
  7. Well, you might want to consider some of the online options, or check out career sites like Monster.com. In addition, there are also plenty of online resources, like this one: http:www.techrad
  8. There are a few ways you might get a job in the tech industry, such as: Research the technical fields that will help you later on, in order to figure out what skills will help you immediately. Go to a trade school to learn to be technically savvy Research specific...
  9. Thats a career question, so you should ask a career advisor. Here are some ideas you might work for: - You might work as an air expert, or sell books, or give seminars at a community fair. - You might buy goods and sell them for good. - You might...
  10. . How many hours per week does he spend working on the job, and how long does he work for? 2. When the companies get interested in you, they have to do a lot of research on you. Some companies might make a lot of money playing with you in...
  11. If youre ready to start the process, you can visit our Workforce Community and Job Network to search for these types of opportunities. You might also be asked to attend community college, special education, or other training, and there are resources available in your area that can help with this....
  12. . There are a lot of physical exercises that help you get faster. You should have a plan for doing them, and schedule them. For example, you might plan to exercise at a certain time, with the goal of getting fast. If you know what time you want to exercise,...
  13. There are many reasons why it might take a long time for an employer to make a hiring decision. One reason is that the employer might be considering a large number of candidates and needs time to review all of their applications and resumes carefully. Another reason is that the...
  14. I might have to do a search online, I'll paste the short answer here. I found that many employers for these skills include IBM, General Motors, and others, but there's a lot about how skills required to get jobs in these companies, and we can talk about what skills you...
  15. Some of the most reputable websites for job postings are Indeed, LinkedIn, Glassdoor, Monster, and Craigslist.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 65] — 8146 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I'm thinking that I'm going to get her a bicycle. I know, it's the absolute most obvious gift -- what kid doesn't have a bike? -- but she's something special. The kid collects bike magazines. She's got her first, second, third, third-and-a-half, and fourth top choices circled and color-coded, with...
  2. 16.95 All-over comfort and maximum support Boody Men's Boxers are the most comfortable undies you've yet to try. Even though they are fitted, the feel and stretch of our famous fabric make you feel like a million bucks as these boxers allow for full movement all day and night. Why...
  3. . You could use wallpaper. Wallpaper is a pattern that looks like text. This text can be on a variety of sizes, called pixels. Once you have the wallpaper in place, you can decorate it with some small lights, such as candles. Does that make sense? Do you have any...
  4. . You might be able to use colored glue. Thats super fast and easy. Or you could print some designs on fabric using a home-doll printer. 2. Another easy option is to buy some ready-made curtains or blinds. These are made just for example at your store. 3. Of course,...
  5. I think one approach you could take is: you could use a combination of light colored and dark gray, and then add details and decorations, for example with plants, trees, candles, or other things that are a great accent. Here are some ideas: - A small wall scale flower wall....
  6. Fluid dynamics is a broad branch of fluid mechanics that focuses on the effects of fluid on a surface. The term refers to the properties of fluids, such as viscosity, friction, viscosity gradient, and buoyancy. Its core concepts and most important applications are based on classical mechanics. A fluid with...
  7. The world has a lot to deal with. We're living in this time of global terrorism, rampant violence among refugees and migrants, and a global opioid epidemic. But there's something that many people don't talk about: How much does the Earth really weigh? It all depends, of course, on your...
  8. Dr. ColorChip Squirt 'n Squeegee Kit Easily repairs 100's of chips with the flex clear squeegee. 1 oz Squirt Applicator OEM Matched Paint 4 oz SealAct Blending Solution 1 Flex Clear 3" x 1 12" Beveled Squeegee 1 Ultra Paint Brush 2 Microbrushes 1 Microfiber Towel 1 Nitrile Glove 1...
  9. First, you could consider some basic packing basics, which are like how many boxes can fit into a box without taking too much space. Then after that, you can pack the boxes into boxes themselves, removing unnecessary space.
  10. I just recently started the process to replace my last pair of shoes, both my Adidas and KENZO. They are my first non-running shoes ever, and I was a few weeks out from buying my new pair anyway. It's been nearly 3 weeks, and I've been wearing them, walking more...
  11. Sure! A frisbee is a flat, circular toy that you can throw through the air. When you throw a frisbee, it starts to spin, and this helps it fly through the air. The reason a frisbee flies is because of something called lift. Lift is a force that pushes the...
  12. How Many Inches in a Meter? One foot Inches: 132 inch 0.0621 inches 1 foot in feet 1 inch in meters 1 inch Inches 0.02653735 square inches One yard Inches: 1 yard in yards is 1 foot in yards. One yard Inches is 116 inch 16 milimeters 1000 yards 1...
  13. There are several methods that could be used to measure the size of an objects, depending on the type of object youre measuring. The most accurate measurement would require tape that is marked in inches, and that is only accurate to a certain number of decimal places, but other types...
  14. .0 pound  1.0 pound  1.0 pound  14.6 inch, 2.0 pound  2.0 pound  2.0 pound  34.6 inch. I forgot to add that the number of inches was for the purposes of the article. For more information, you can go to: http:en.wikipedia.orgwikiUnited_States_and_North_Union_transformation_and_exchange_rate
  15. Youre talking about a specific tool, which is commonly called a stand-up desk. There are many techniques you can use, such as - using different colors on your stand, or - including text in the form of cruts or bubbles. To do that you can try taking a piece of...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 66] — 1423 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. -2-6-11-13-18-19-23-24-29-30-37-37-40-35-44-47-57-58-59-60-61-89-73-81-84-88-89-98-99-100-101-11-12-36-42-52-59-60-61-89-73-86-89-95-96-97-99-100-101-11-12-36-42-52-59-60-61-89-73-86-89-95-96
  2. ,460-5,2290-2,488-5,1230-2,488-5,1220-2,488-5,1200-2,488-5,1240-2,488-5,1240-2,488-5,1240-2,488-5,1240-2,488-5,1240-2,488-5,1240-2,488-5,1220-2945,1380-3945,1380-3945,1380-3945,1380-3945,1380-3945,1380-3946,1200-3946,1180-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3yf2,540193986,4543 2945,1380-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1200-3946,1220-3 946,1200-3
  3. 1 1 10 15 20 22 25 30 35 40 45 50 55 60 65 70 75 80 85 90 95 100 20 50 75 100 150 200 250 300 400 450 500 550 600 650 700 750 800 850 900 100 100 90 80 70 60 50 40 30...
  4. . - 2. - 3. - 12. 4 - 14.
  5. Welcome to the FOX News Ticker, a free, stand-alone application that gives you the latest headlines directly on your desktop, without having to open a browser. We are now offering an upgrade to the ticker, FNC Ticker v1.2! Download the Ticker To download the FOX News Ticker Installer 1.55 MB,...
  6. . 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. 19. 20. 21. 22. 23.24. 24. 25.26. 26.28. 27.28.27.28.17. 28.17. 29.18.28. 19.22.18.19.23-195784.5-0.947.5-1.234572.5-0.867.6-1.797896.5-0.847.4-1.853411.12-0.939.5-1.841352.5-0.937.6-1.887943.5-0.844!
  7. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 - 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 - - 30 - 31 32 33 34 - 35 - - - - - - - - - -...
  8. The Role of Lenses in Optics Research Paper Lenses optics are devices which serve in the transmission or refraction of light as well as diverging and converging of a beam Harris, 2002. They are illustrated by the curvature of the two optical surfaces Harris, 2002. There are two main types...
  9. This site is sponsored by: You are viewing: This site is brought to you by: By using the site above, you agree to this website being free. The site is entirely non-commercial and it remains completely legal when done so.
  10. Sure! A Foucault pendulum is a type of pendulum that demonstrates the Earth's rotation. It is named after the French scientist Jean Bernard Léon Foucault, who first demonstrated the concept in 1851. Here's how it works: The pendulum is a weight, often a ball or bob, suspended from a long...
  11. Answered by Shaykh Faraz Rabbani Question: I see someone is saying that the sun is like a satellite. It only emits light. If so, why does it have a shadowcurtain? Answer: What you're seeing is the reflection of the sun's rays hitting the water. This reflects back the surface of...
  12. It's a given fact that what goes up must come down and that things fall down, the sky is up and the ground is below us. Gravity pulls us into the ground and doesn't allow us to fly into the sky. But every time we touch, even for a brief...
  13. The World's Strongest Man competition is still a week away. That means the competitors have just two more hours to put themselves through the gruelling training required to earn the title. Some would argue that it's not a problem. But one man, who won the competition after setting the bar...
  14. When an airplane is flying overhead, it might seem to be going slower than it actually is because it is much higher in the sky than a car on the ground. The distance between the airplane and the ground makes it appear to be moving more slowly, even though it...
  15. I 've always found this image URL_0 to be the best way to look at it . Those ' beer bellies ' are really very strong core muscles built specifically to help those guys lift very heavy things . That 's not to say body builders are n't also strong...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 67] — 498 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. An artist's impression of the space telescope the James Webb Space Telescope will be launched into orbit. An artist's impression of the space telescope the James Webb Space Telescope will be launched into orbit. CINCINNATI -- The 850 million James Webb Space Telescope JWST, set for launch in October 2018,...
  2. Image copyright NASACHRIS GUNN Image caption Soon to emerge: The instruments were placed in the Goddard vacuum chamber for testing late last year The successor to the Hubble Space Telescope is reaching some key milestones in its preparation for launch in 2018. Engineers are about to complete the assembly of...
  3. Meteors, also known as shooting stars or falling stars, are small pieces of space rock that burn up in Earth's atmosphere. When a meteor enters Earth's atmosphere, it is moving very fast. The air in the atmosphere rubs against the surface of the meteor, which generates heat and causes the...
  4. The Space Strategy for Europe responds to growing global competition, increasing private sector involvement and major technological shifts. The European Commission proposes a range of actions to allow Europeans to fully seize the benefits offered by space, create the right ecosystem for space start-ups to grow, promote Europe's leadership in...
  5. A meteor is a small celestial object made of rocks or ice, usually falling off of a comet or asteroid as they become smaller. Their speed is typically millions of kilometers per hour. For example, the world's largest meteor is known as the Tunguska event in Siberia, China. It's an...
  6. As noted by a previous post by javabraham, a lot of folks have pointed the finger at me as the guy who hacked the "Gods of Egypt" trailer. To be fair, there is a very strong possibility that someone somewhere on the web, including myself, hacked the trailer and posted...
  7. Some strange, double peanut shell-shaped structures were found in two nearby disc galaxies. The stars in these galaxies are distributed in such a way that there is an enormous bulge at the center, making the galaxies look rumpledkind of like a nut. Ultimately, these mysterious shapes have prompted astronomers at...
  8. A team of astronomers from Canada and the US has finally determined how much energy is actually in the X-rays from black holes the most energetic entities in the universe. The results are being published in an article to appear in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society....
  9. An international team of astronomers has found a supermassive black hole at the centre of a galaxy billions of light-years away. A team from the United Kingdom, Europe and North America used the European Southern Observatory's XMM-Newton telescope to track the violent events surrounding the black hole and see the...
  10. 現実 の 人物 の 顔 を アスキーアート で 描く こと は 難しい で すが  こんな 感じ に なり ます      -   一   _____  Copy code
  11. Launch is a process that happens in two steps. First, the rocket launches into space. A launch company builds a rocket that launches into space, and is designed to use a vacuum-engine to enable this into space. When the launch is complete, the rocket, the capsule, and the parachute are...
  12. The next generation of the world's largest telescope has a brand new design one that is better than any telescope ever built. The James Webb Space Telescope JWST, as its name suggests, is the successor to our original home in space Hubble and will be used to probe deep into...
  13. The US government's plan to use a massive telescope in Utah to image the Milky Way has been postponed until the fall. The 1.6bn Very Large Telescope project was due to begin operating next year. A decision to abandon the project was made last October but it was brought forward...
  14. Answered In General This is one of the problems. The best source of information is the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency which has good, if dated, maps. However even these map are in the public domain. There are many ways to get the image of the Moon including amateur, commercial, government...
  15. Aug. 3 Bloomberg -- Boeing Co. and Space Exploration Technologies Corp. won 900 million in contracts from NASA to develop spacecraft capable of carrying astronauts, the agency said. Boeing Co., based in Chicago, received a 460 million award, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration said in a press release today....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 68] — 343 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Three Provisions of the Affordable Care Act Essay Introduction Providing affordable and reliable healthcare is one of the key goals of many nations. In the United States of America, the signing of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which is simply referred to as the Affordable Care Act ACA,...
  2. Affordable Care Act as Transformational Leadership Essay Two types of leadership, transactional and transformational, might be easy to distinguish theoretically, but in practice, their differentiation sometimes proves more difficult. For instance, The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ACA might be sometimes viewed as transactional if it is assumed that...
  3. Cannabis is a potentially very useful drug for several reasons. There's very good evidence that it may be useful for improving certain symptoms of cancer for instance. There also seems to be good evidence demonstrating it can help lower anxiety, especially in people who are undergoing stressful situations. As such,...
  4. Well, the long-term effects of marijuana use are: - Theres no such thing as a "long-term" effect. The idea is to never achieve a full dose, and no lasting physical symptoms, and then to learn the effects.
  5. Marijuana advocates celebrate after a panel of scientists declared that they could not find evidence to prove that marijuana causes lung cancer. AP Photo After years of study by experts at the National Cancer Institute, experts at the National Institutes of Health, a National Institutes of Health advisory committee, a...
  6. Cannabis has been touted as an effective treatment to treat a wide variety of disorders, from glaucoma to cancer and multiple sclerosis to multiple sclerosis and MS. Although there are many benefits of the Cannabis compound THC, many people suffer from an adverse reaction to cannabis use. Cannabis can lead...
  7. Marijuana is the second most popular recreational drug in the United States, with more than 23 billion people having used it in 2016 alone. Some marijuana users claim it is a cure-all with no side-effects, while others experience anxiety, paranoia, depression, hallucinations and, for some, even psychosis. This article outlines...
  8. "When it comes to the national debt, the reality is that we simply cannot continue our current course," Paul told a meeting of fiscal conservatives in Washington. "The country has already run up nearly 16 trillion in debt, and the amount of interest to be paid on that debt will...
  9. Addictive Habit in Malawi Report Assessment Prominent transnational tobacco companies have hindered the implementation of public health policies and global tobacco control mechanisms. This has happened through various means as evident in the Malawian context. Such companies including Universal Corporation, BAT, Alliance One Cooperation, Phillip Morris, and others have devised...
  10. In July, the House of Commons Health Committee published its initial report on smoking rates among Canada's youth, with the authors expressing hope that in seven years, the rate of smoking among youth would be as low as it is today. Unfortunately, the Committee's report will provide no such optimism....
  11. Should Smoking Tobacco Be Classified As an Illegal Drug? Analytical Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Views and Values Held By Antagonist of Tobacco Smoking 3. Views and Values Held By Supports of Tobacco Smoking 4. Conclusion 5. Works Cited Introduction As per the World Health Organization approximations, there...
  12. The most recent report from the Congressional Research Service states that the U.S. government currently spends 3.2 trillion in the form of loans, grants and other financial means. The majority of this spending is "unbacked debt," meaning that the U.S. has obligations on its debt that it cannot possibly pay....
  13. Tobacco has been outlawed in England and Wales since 1965, but is still widely used in the U.S., one study showed. Photo: Darrow Montgomery: AP Story Highlights Smoking bans in France, Norway can't stop teens from getting cigarettes Cigarette packs contain the same information about health effects and age limits...
  14. Marijuana Cannabis sativa is known to have numerous health benefits and is also known as marijuana. It is the official drug of the United States of America. It was found that cannabis can also slow aging process by making you look younger. Studies were carried out in several countries that...
  15. The World Health Organization and other global health organizations have repeatedly voiced concern about the impact of marijuana smoking on the body. In recent years, the science has grown increasingly compelling that marijuana leads to physical and psychological problems. What the Science Says Research published by Johns Hopkins University in...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 69] — 2405 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Collecting Patient Experience Information Report Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Traditional Surveys: Strengths and Weaknesses 3. Online Surveys: Strengths and Weaknesses 4. Mystery Shopping for Data Collection: Strengths and Weaknesses 5. Patient Interviews: Strengths and Weaknesses 6. Research Gaps and Patient Experience Factors 7. The Proposed Framework and Its...
  2. No more than three or four. Yes, there are lots of good exercises and activities that don't take much effort. Here are some suggestions: - Cross-country skiing - Skating by yourself - Swimming pool exercises - Sculpting with clay - Indoor cycling - Diving into a river and swimming through...
  3. The Nursing Staff Shortage and Patient Care Quality Essay Table of Contents 1. The Problem 2. The Setting 3. A Description 4. Effect of the Problem 5. Significance of the Topic 6. A Proposed Solution 7. References The Problem The specific evidence-based topic chosen for this capstone project change proposal...
  4. Information Technology for Patient Waiting Time Essay Article Abstract This paper relates to the changes needed to cut back on the patient waiting time in the triage units in a local hospital. The current system does not have metrics for use in the calculation of the efficiency of the triage...
  5. Some good warm-up exercises you can do before a workout include dynamic stretching, light jogging or walking, lateral lunges, arm circles, butt kicker, and high knees. All of these are great for loosening up muscles and getting your heart rate up slightly.
  6. You have heard a lot about the word exercises and how it's a good way to get physical. The word exercises comes from the plural 'ex' which means a place, a piece of land, or a state. The word exercises' means a place in which a person might have fun,...
  7. Scheduling System for Productivity in Healthcare Report Health care management needs appropriate scheduling systems. Effective management takes care of employees, patients and the facilities which are provided in a particular health care. Good scheduling system leads to higher productivity, while poor scheduling system leads to losses due to low productivity....
  8. Usability Challenges in Nursing Essay The healthcare systems effective development largely depends on the state of professional training level, rational placement, and nursing staff use as the most voluminous component of the healthcare human resource in healthcare. In todays health care system, nursing remains a critical component with significant human...
  9. Paradise Hospital: Value Proposition in Patient Care Research Paper Introduction The core essence of hospitals existence is the provision of care to patients. As such, patients and other hospital stakeholders expect that health care facilities should serve patients and give the best results. It is imperative to note that many...
  10. The most effective results can be achieved by cycling for at least 30 minutes a day, 3 to 5 days a week.
  11. . Walk around for thirty minutes or thirty minutes a day, and work towards those thirty minutes a week. Its a physical activity, and also a good way to get the blood in the muscles.
  12. The Applications of Big Data in Health Economics Research Paper The proper processing of medical information is a priority for present-day healthcare institutions. However, this task seems to be complex and, therefore, challenging for them. In order to successfully perform it, hospitals need to apply big data to the field,...
  13. Handoff Communication in the Clinical Setting Term Paper The success of handoff communication in the clinical setting determines patients safety. Birmingham et al. 2015 conducted a qualitative study to assess the perspective of surgical nurses regarding the processes that inhibit or facilitate the patients safety during handoff and intra-shift. According...
  14. Nurse Staffing Issues: New Jersey Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Exploration of Evidence 2. Pros and Cons of Both Sides of the Issue 3. Conclusion 4. References The issue of nurse staffing is high on the agenda for the state of New Jersey as the recent changes in the...
  15. James Reasons Swiss Cheese Theory Application Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Swiss cheese theory 3. Identifying errors 4. Conclusion 5. References Introduction The following research paper is a discussion on how a healthcare administrator can use the Swiss cheese theory developed by James Reason to come up...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 70] — 1179 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. , Del. Firefly Music Festival organizers announced Wednesday that single-day general passes will not be available for the 2015 installment. An increased demand for the four-day pass is driving the festival to the sold-out mark of 90,000 attendees, due to music fans from around the world wanting to experience the...
  2. For casual outfit, you might want to check out this tutorial: image linkhttps:www.google.comsearch?qHowtostyle-acasualoutfitsrcsearchresultsqueryhowtostyleacasualoutfitsearch_queryHowtostyleaCasualOutfit29 urlhttps:www.google.comsearch?qhowtostyleacasualoutfit29 urlhttps:www.google.comsearch?qhowtostyleacasualoutfit29 urlhttp:www.google.comsearch?qhowtostyleacasualoutfit29 urlhttp:www.google.comsearch?qhowtostyleacasualoutfit29 urlhttp:www.google.comsearch?qhowtostyleacasualoutfit29 urlhttp:www.google.comsearch?qhowtostyleacasualoutfit29 -urlhttp:www.google.comsearch?qhowtostyleacasualoutfit29 -urlhttp:www.google.comsearch?qhowtostyleacasualoutfit29 -urlhttp:www.google.comsearch?qhowtostylea
  3. How to Become a Master Jeweler Learn how to make and sell jewelry. This can lead to an amazing job in your area or even abroad, making you the most sought after person on the planet. If you don't like how it sounds, you might also like to check out...
  4. Some suggestions for accessorizing your new dress include adding some statement jewelry, like a necklace or chunky bracelet, a wide belt to cinch your waist, some colorful shoes, a hat, or a fun patterned scarf.
  5. For a cool night out outfit, I would suggest a black leather jacket, a plain white t-shirt, skinny jeans and a pair of sexy ankle boots. Accessorize with some chunky statement jewelry, a cute clutch bag, and bold eye makeup.
  6. "It has been nearly two years since we began developing our new service, Toodaloo. Now in the next weeks, we'll start rolling it out," he explains. "We've already secured the largest database of travel information we've ever had. And we are already working with a number of major airlines and...
  7. Facts About The Great Pumpkin Carving Contest Contest 2017 There has been some controversy surrounding the 2017 Great Pumpkin Carving Contest that is sponsored by the Green Acres Rotary. One of the biggest issues about the Great Pumpkin Carving Contest is the contest itself will take place on Sat, Oct....
  8. INDEX BY SEASON INDEX BY YEAR SEASON-TO-DATE Winter Spring Summer Fall Holiday Note: The Fall Season is defined as the day after Labor Day Weekend through the Thursday before the first Friday in November. Dollars in millions. Click on year to view full chart Avg. Drop is the average second...
  9. The best way to find out about our new products is to check out our new collection at: www.greensnaps.com The best way to get in touch with us is: Send us an email at: Greensnapsgmail.com Or call, 561-935-2501 Happy Snapping The Greensnaps Team Advertisements
  10. If you want to learn more about us visit our About Us page and watch our YouTube videos. Or please write to us at: http:www.tokensupercenter.com If you need help, or have questions, you can either contact us at 866-316-1702 or email us.
  11. Happy Holidays, Scoobies! If you are looking for discounts on "Buffy"-related merchandise for Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and the rest of the holiday season for you or a gift for a loved one, we've compiled a list of resources. This is a growing list, so we'll add more resources as...
  12. FESTIVAL PASSES: WE ARE HAPPY TO ANNOUNCE WE'LL ONCE AGAIN BE OFFERING LOCAL VALLEY RESIDENTS THE OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE FULL PRICE PASSES TO THE COACHELLA AND STAGECOACH 2018 MUSIC FESTIVALS. Residents will be able to submit order requests through the below links: Coachella Weekend 1 Requests are no longer being...
  13. INITIAL ALLOCATION 2,782 LOWER TIER TICKETS PRICED: 25 Adults, 20 Senior Over 6517-21 and 15 Junior 16 and under. The club have received 5 pairs of wheelchair and ambulant tickets priced 12.50 Adults, 10 Senior Over 6517-21 and 7.50 Junior 16 and under. To book these tickets please call on...
  14. You want me to help you pick an outfit for a formal event?
  15. I just discovered that, thanks to the Internet, I could buy my first 3-month ! subscription through Netbay.com for the ridiculously low price of 10. So, how can I get started on my journey? First, I should tell you exactly what I'm getting myself into. There are three major components...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 71] — 778 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The Mayan calendar was a system of calendars and almanacs used by the Maya civilization of ancient Mesoamerica to track time. The Maya calendar was based on a system of cycles, which were used to track time and to mark important events. The Mayan calendar was made up of several...
  2. N ervous cheers greet the master of ceremonies as she steps out onstage ahead of the evening's comedy show. "You're witnessing stories of people who are really putting themselves out there," she tells the audience. The crowd trade glances. The show, which wrapped up its cross-Canada tour this week, features...
  3. There is no single person responsible for leaking these pictures . On the deep web there is a site where people can buy and sell original celebrity nudes . In order to gain access to it , you need to contribute a completely original celeb nude , and you 're...
  4. BATTLE OF THE ICONS I'm thrilled Rihanna's getting the Fashion Icon award this year, because she's one of the hardest working models in show business. I always thought that she and Lady Gaga should have a quick-change contest and see who wins. Who could do it faster? A PRESIDENTIAL QUALITY...
  5. "Make the list" "Breadline" "Time-tracking" "Tapping habits" "Cash-Tapping habits" "Currency-Tapping habits "Dock, in the meantime," "Stop over at what did what time when?" "A planned flight at 1 am is cancelled at 8 pm, and what time did that?" "Is there a certain amount that is over your limit?"
  6. Tycho Brahe 14 December 154624 October 1601, born Tyge Ottesen Brahe, was a Danish nobleman known for his accurate and comprehensive astronomical and planetary observations.Tycho was well known in his lifetime as an astronomer and alchemist .
  7. It is that time of year or perhaps the winter when Christmas music becomes "too much" for some in the Northern Hemisphere. This year is the first time since the turn of the century that I am hearing a fair number of people complaining "It is not Christmas if my...
  8. Hours after Netflix released the documentary The Death and Life of Marsha P. Johnson last Friday, directortrans activistresearcher Reina Gossett claimed the film was unfairly profiting off her ideas and work. The Netflix doc, directed by David France whose 2012 doc How To Survive a Plague was nominated for an...
  9. G Le premier instrument de musique connu est le tambour, qui a été utilisé par les premières sociétés humaines pour communiquer, célébrer, pratiquer des rituels religieux et se divertir. Les tambours ont été utilisés depuis la préhistoire et ont été trouvés dans de nombreuses cultures à travers le monde. Par...
  10. This is the full, uncut version of the infamous 'The Fappening' video, which shows a man known as 'The Impact' downloading dozens upon dozens of his nude girlfriend's naked photographs. He then uploaded the images to the dark web, where users are able to pay for them privately or publicly....
  11. What better way to get in shape than by doing something you can feel and enjoy? Join your friends for a trip to the bar and grill when you get your fitness card! What: Fitness Card Giveaway When: Monday Oct 2nd from 9 am to 2 pm Where: The Haunt...
  12. 1. Orchestra - A large, complex instrument 2. Orchestra - An arrangement of strings 3. Orchestra - A stringed instrument like a guitar, piano, or cello 4. Orchestra - Flute, oboe, and other classical instruments 5. Orchestra - Baroque and Baroque style
  13. Pamela Anderson is a big fan of the "Titanic" classic and said she's going to be watching it in New York City. "I'll be watching the original, the original. I'll be in New York with Tom Hanks. I've been looking forward to this for like three years. I'll be in...
  14. The main difference between an orchestral piece and a symphony is that a symphony is typically a much larger work, with three or four movements, while an orchestral piece may have just one movement. A symphony also tends to include extended instrumental solos as well as complex sets of movements,...
  15. Alfred Stieglitzs Photo Analysis Essay The photo in question is an example of Alfred Stieglitzs working ability and his desire to achieve a positive result at any cost. The snapshot taken in 1893 is known to the whole world as the outcome of a long and painstaking wait, and due...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 72] — 1651 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Huge thanks to my santa who sent me two beautiful and thoughtful hand made paperweights. The last one actually matches my workstation! They are the perfect little piece of art. I love them and even the other ones I've received are just as unique! I'm excited to use them because...
  2. It's been over five weeks since I received my box of Secret Pods and I can honestly say that I'm totally in love with it. It was the perfect surprise for my first Reddit Exchange. My Arbitrary Day Santa sent me a little box. Inside it were three gifts! A...
  3. The new year is not over yet, but I did finally receive the goods! I was so excited to receive my brand new Santa package, because I know that all of my SS' and their giftees are awesome. I had mentioned that I've been in a relationship for a while...
  4. Mary Matalin is a political consultant and commentator who is married to James Carville, a Democratic political strategist. Matalin and Carville are well-known for their political differences, as Matalin is a Republican and Carville is a Democrat. Despite their political differences, the couple has been married since 1993 and has...
  5. I'm so glad I got my gifter as soon as I did, it was so thoughtful and made my week! I received a package containing an awesome, one of a kind according to my Reddit Exchange rematch secret santa's blog scarf with a beautiful pattern that makes it perfect to...
  6. So, I've moved into a new place and need some artwork for the walls. I am a huge Joss Whedon fan so I signed up for the exchange and asked for posters artwork. Bang! Did my gifter ever deliver! A huge, amazing, awesome Firefly poster. This baby is so awesome...
  7. This is my first year doing Secret Santa for this wonderful exchange. Thanks, Santa! It was a really fun experience to do because it was my first gift match. I had a blast wrapping my gifts and also opening them up! Now I can't wait to get busy again! Thanks...
  8. I recently received two awesome gifts in the post from Germany! My Santa sent me 2 packs of Naturi2! - the best stuff ever! The other package was a new pair of socks! I can't wait! Thanks, Santa! You definitely hit a homerun with these two presents!
  9. "This is a wonderful gift, and my daughter is the happiest person on earth. Her teacher shared the gift with her, and I am sure it's going to keep her company for a while!" Thank you Secret Santa, whoever you are!
  10. I've been a longtime lurker of Reddit, but this year finally decided to come out of the closet and join in on the fun. What better time than Secret Santa? :D Right off the bat my SS had me fulll of excitement, for when I woke up early December 2...
  11. DARPA is spending big bucks on a new robotic exoskeleton powered by a human brain that's designed to help soldiers with balance issues. The suit is part of DARPA's Neuro-Mechanical Interfaces for Robotic Manipulation project, which aims to develop a set of tools that can aid in war zones. It's...
  12. I had been waiting all week for this package! I really wanted to open it, but I was really nervous that it wasn't going to be right : The best part of it is that it was just a 20 gift card, which is pretty amazing! It's such a great...
  13. I was really hoping my SS would send something from my list. Unfortunately, the only thing I got was this.I was really hoping my SS would send somethingfrom my list. Unfortunately, the only thing I got was this. Also, I just got a job.and am currently on leave from work.so...
  14. So this is my first Secret Santa and I was super excited for my present. I also had absolutely no idea what to expect. and my SS didn't disappoint because I have no idea why he thought of this stuff! A TREE? Who knew I would be so excited and...
  15. I love my SS and she put all my info and sent me some awesome stuff on the 4th. She also told me she'd do a bigger set with even more gifts! The 4th gift I received was the set! They are so heavy to carry around so I couldn't...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 73] — 10855 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. I really would like this explained . I watched half of season 1 and I just do n't get it . I feel like the internet is playing a joke on me . If so , it is the most well crafted troll ever . I seriously do n't get...
  2. Note: There will be spoilers for the series that comes after this story. We don't usually talk about endings. But this is the finale that really makes us ponder the end. There are many different ways to go on. A simple death. A messy, horrible death. The most realistic and...
  3. In the second season finale, the gang of friends and neighbors of the Harmon family discover a new plot has been planted in their midst. There are other people living at the Harmon house that they don't know about and now the family has to figure out how to deal...
  4. "For a while now, you had a lot of good teams, but now that all the bad teams have been eliminated, we are looking at other people," said Chris O'Dowd, a co-creator of the show. "I don't know if that makes me nervous, but I think that's healthy. We need...
  5. Nein However, for this first release we are not currently planning on expanding moon mining to areas of space where it is not available today highsec and wormholes. Although this gameplay has the potential to be interesting and fun in any area of space we want to be careful not...
  6. Ride Along 2 for new release date, movie release, cast and director The highly anticipated sequel to Ryan Reynolds' 2009 cult flick-turned-sequel-turned-mockumentary Ride Along has a new release date; the sequel is expected to release on June 4th from Lionsgate and Universal Pictures. This has been the rumored release date...
  7. The new film from writer and director David Gordon Green, "War for the Planet of the Apes," will hit screens this summer and is shaping up to be the most significant live action adaptation of a movie since the franchise took off with Charlton Heston and Harrison Ford in the...
  8. Warning: The following contains spoiler information about "The Return" Whedon's The Cabin in the Woods, the 2014 horror drama co-written and directed by the director, has already achieved cult status with its clever twist on the "found footage" format, with that twist only confirmed further at San Diego Comic-Con this...
  9. ROME When Italy's first astronaut, Samantha Cristoforetti, took the stage at a symposium on Thursday as well as during a live webcast the room was a sea of white. This wasn't because everyone wanted to hear exactly how hard Cristoforetti was training for her planned flight as an Italian-American, but...
  10. I'll try to keep this brief and to the point: We are not getting a second season for The Bastard Executioner. I'll be upfront with all of YouTubers in that we want to do it right. We are making our best effort, but we want it right when we begin...
  11. Join your hosts Joey, Nathan and Kelly in the "Animanicast!" A podcast dedicated to the classic 90's cartoon show Animaniacs! Today Nathan and Joey discuss issue 7 of the classic Animaniacs comic from 1995! It's a "psychologically draining" comic featuring the Warners on a mission to rescue Dr. Scratchansniff and...
  12. The Planet Mars Information Essay Mars is one of the planets that make up the solar system. It is the fourth planet from the sun and borrows its name from the teachings of Roman mythology. Pritchard posits, Its name denotes a Roman deity associated with war and conflicts 1. The...
  13. Ladies and gentlemen, I bring you the one and only, The Darkest Timeline. We knew the second Darkest Timeline was coming, but the Darkest Timeline is, without a doubt, the most terrifying show since Supernatural. It's just as intense and it's just as bad. In true bad ass style, The...
  14. What is your favorite episode of the show? View On reddit.com submitted 1 year ago by _riverships_ posted in rSpartacusRE Thanks to everyone who voted and commented on the episodes HEREhttp:www.reddit.comrEpsidoescomments3fapiethe_30_best_episodes_of_spartacus and COMMENTShttp:www.reddit.comrEpsidoescomments3fapiethe_30_best_episodes_of_spartacus Creator of this poll has opted for captcha verification. To vote on this option please fill in...
  15. 1 Explicit Episode 8 - Parting Games - The Sneeze Game with the hilarious Adam Pescovitz. Part two. Also we talk about our upcoming trip to The Wizarding World of Harry Potter and visit the Hogwarts Burrow to see how the Harry Potter characters would have spent their last night...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 74] — 589 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Great question! The length of a year is determined by how long it takes for Earth to orbit around the sun. One orbit takes about 365.24 days, which is a little bit longer than 365 days. To keep track of time, we use a system called the Gregorian calendar. This...
  2. TODAY IS THE DAY! Here we are for our first ever LIVE SHOW! We will have a whole new show for you today! You gotta wait to see it! TICKETS HERE! http:bit.ly2fjZQ8j Please support the venue and buy one of those shirts. We just can't thank you enough. We would...
  3. It looks like there was a list-based crowdfunding website called FundMe, but that site was owned by a different company. The people who founded the site later found it to be a lot of different trouble, and they went out of a lot of legal trouble for getting their services...
  4. What's new We made some cool new things: we're now on Reddit! and Twitter! We now have a facebook fan page!
  5. Reusing Calendars I hope you haven't thrown away all your nice 1986 calendars. You can reuse them in 1997. And you can reuse your 1996 calendars in 2024. You have a pile in that spare bedroom closet that you saved because you wanted to frame one of the pictures, don't...
  6. the website where everything 's made up and the points do n't matter   URL_0
  7. . You might want to check with your local movie theatre they often have weekly movie nights. 2. You might want to go to a coffee shop to pick a movie. 3. you might want to record yourself reading a book of recommendations on Amazon. 4. you might want to...
  8. Deep image prior is a type of convolutional neural network used to enhance a given image with no prior training data other than the image itself. A neural network is randomly initialized and used as prior to solve inverse problems such as noise reduction, super-resolution, and inpainting. Image statistics are...
  9. Garth Kemp, the weekday morning weather anchor on Channel 7 in Los Angeles, has left the station. The news was posted on his own Twitter feed just after noon. His bio remained on the KABC-TV website for a few hours and emails to KABC to confirm his status were not...
  10. On Tuesday, October 6th and 8th, the city of Seattle will host two days of free public concerts for visitors to the Space Needle. The first concert on Tuesday, October 6th will feature The Walkmen playing the same set, from the "Masters of War - War of the Worlds" DVD....
  11. When the first message appeared, everyone dismissed it as some hacker group showing off. Kibo gives once.'' The cryptic message appeared on every social media feed of every person on Earth. It immediately hit the news and was discussed furiously for a few days as tech companies tried to trace...
  12. Sure! Let me explain base 10, base 12, and base 60 to you. Base 10 is a number system that we use every day. It's called base 10 because it has 10 digits, 0 through 9. When we write numbers in base 10, each digit has a value based on...
  13. Good news everyone, Prior to meeting with Summer at LFCC we had lunch with her and she was kind enough to sign a batch of lovely pictures. For those of you who couldn't make it to the convention, here's your chance to have your own autographed Summer Glau picture 100...
  14. A topological proof going in circles and counting Let us suppose that the polynomial fz a n z n a n -1 z n -1 . a 1 z1 a 0 has no root, so that for every complex number z fz 0. On this assumption, if we now allow...
  15. 5 SHARES Facebook Update: Juicy J is now blaming this incident on "shady promoters". July 6th, 1:55 PM Thousands of dedicated hip-hop fans left Club Cinema in Pompano, Florida, very disappointed last night after rapper Juicy J bailed on his set. The kicker? The hip-hop star left after being paid...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 75] — 5174 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. In a recent post, we asked you to find the most underrated, underappreciated, and underappreciated bands. What followed was a lengthy, and ultimately confusing, process as we tried to figure out not only how to accurately rank these bands, but also how to give credit where it's due to those...
  2. By Andrew Bansal Raleigh, North Carolina veteran heavy music perpetrators Corrosion Of Conformity have enjoyed a unique reputation of marching forward in their career with a variety of member lineups playing completely different-sounding incarnations and crushing trends as a result. The four-piece version of C.O.C., with Pepper Keenan fronting them...
  3. The first full-length documentary of the French rap-rave and electro-dance-pop duo Daft Punk takes the viewer on a wild musical journey. The movie follows the duo in their musical performances and interviews to learn the history, inspiration, influences and evolution of their music. The film will also feature Daft Punk's...
  4. A major player in our economy with thousands of well-paid jobs that depend on the tax status of small businesses the entertainment business is having a bad year. Big TV networks are cutting their costs and shifting their business overseas in search of lower prices. Studios are cutting back, and...
  5. Hook: AAP Rocky Juicy J "U.O.E.N.O.", produced by Metro Boomin Produced by Metro Boomin, DJ Mustard, and DJ Dahi Verse 1: AAP Rocky You should know better than to try to talk to me, I'm not into the conversation I should know better than to tell ya you don't have...
  6. When Jay-Z makes moves, the entire world pays attention. That's why the masses stopped wearing throwbacks, relaxed on the rims and bling and even started paying attention to a bespectacled kid from Chi-Town. So when word got out that Hov finally signed someone to his newly-minted Live Nation imprint Roc...
  7. R.A. the Rugged Man, a New York-based MC, has long believed in the supremacy of "Golden Age" rappers. In an effort to keep that feeling alive, he's kept his ear to the streets for anyone who might be able to carry that torch. When he first heard the rhymes of...
  8. Drugs might be the topic of choice for a majority of Future's music. However, in a recent interview with French website Clique, the "Codeine Crazy" rapper reveals that even though his music might portray that kind of lifestyle, in reality he's not always high. The 32-year old Atlanta rapper says...
  9. CGP Grey actually did a great  video   URL_0  on this .
  10. MUSIC VIDEOS The music and lyrics are written by Brian T. Delaney and directed by Christopher A. Scott. This music video was produced and directed by Brian T. Delaney of WGME Productions and released on January 12, 2008 and features the following actors: Chris Parnell, Dan Butler, Kevin O'Neill, and...
  11. It is not uncommon for an artist to produce an album, and then never release that album. In fact, this is an incredibly common occurrence, one that I can't help but think of every time that I pick up an album for review, knowing full well that they have some...
  12. Travis Barker, drummer for the multiplatinum punk band Blink-182, bares his soul in Can I Say: Living Large, Cheating Death, and Drums, Drums, Drums, his memoir of the climb to superstardom, the rocky road of recovery after the plane crash that nearly killed him, and the decades' worth of hard-earned...
  13. 1 Explicit 10: Rooking It Around - The New Era Of A Dope-Punk Rock Band Episode 10 The new era of a dope-punk rock band. We were at a house show in Long Island and went inside to play, but then the bandmembers realized we weren't there to see them...
  14. During a recent interview with Fuse contributor William Goodman, Hole co-founder Eric Erlandson revealed that, shortly before his 1994 suicide, Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain was hard at work on a solo release that "would have been his White Album." He went on to say that rough demos of Cobain's solo...
  15. New at SubtleTV! Close Video: Video: Gonna Make You Sweat Official - Eminem "Gonna Make You Sweat" music video "Gonna Make You Sweat" HD - Eminem. Directed by Steven Johnson. Song and Video produced by Marshall Mathers. Additional Music by J-Buck. Check out Eminem's music, movie, and TV work here:...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 76] — 334 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Patients identified through Workmen's Compensation records as having been treated for back or spinal problems by a chiropractor 122 or a physician 110 were interviewed to determine their functional status before and after the accident and their satisfaction with the care received. In terms of both the patients' perception of...
  2. Basically , money laundering uses a business or a similar method to hide where the money came from . Say you rob a bank and get 100,000 . If you go and deposit that 100,000 in cash at another bank , you 're going to raise some eyebrows . Even...
  3. You know those moments when you think about going back to your old college to try and get a free ride? For a lot of students, going back to school is an exciting, educational process that promises endless possibilities and a fresh start with a new community of likeminded people....
  4. np_storybar title"How to save a life and avoid going to jail" link"" 1. Get the police to call an ambulance andor emergency room before the crisis ends. "Just because you got a head injury doesn't mean you should be treated like a person rather than an item you need medical...
  5. The US Department of Education has the power to deny a student loan even if they meet certain income thresholds, it was revealed this week. Filing an appeal at an administrative law hearing could cost up to 4,000. The department will pay up to 7,000 per appeal, and has decided...
  6. . Some of these are referred to as Head injuries. There were lots of neck injuries when they took away a persons life in 1969, for a 100,000 lawsuit. The neck injury refers to a ligament injury in the neck, which is a neck, but not a neck. The injury...
  7. Health Care in Older Adults Essay Various stages of human development are correlated with different health care peculiarities specific to ones age. Thus, in order to perform high-quality care, nurses are to take into account which health conditions or complications are considered the most common for an age group. When...
  8. INTRODUCTION: Impaired walking performance is a key predictor of morbidity among older adults. A distinctive characteristic of impaired walking performance among older adults is a greater metabolic cost worse economy compared to young adults. However, older adults who consistently run have been shown to retain a similar running economy as...
  9. Corona Regional Hospital Operation Report Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Corona Regional Hospital interview report 3. Conclusion 4. Works Cited Introduction According to the interviewee, Corona Regional Hospital was established in 1933 to provide health services to community members. Since then, the hospital has grown to meet many of...
  10. Al-Betatouille is a list of common causes of Alzheimer's disease, and a list of possible treatment options. Here's some things that people with Alzheimers disease can do to try to treat their symptoms: - You might hear people talk about A or B, which were a couple of people who...
  11. "Our mission is to change people's lives for the better as we change the culture of cancer. And we are very pleased that through the collaboration of our patient partners we will be able to meet a critical objective for them, which is better lives." Steve Nissen-Schwartz, President, T-Way Care...
  12. Eli Lilly Companys Domestic Operations Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Economic Indicators 3. Strategy 4. Reference list Introduction Eli Lilly can be described as a global pharmaceutical company with worldwide operations. The company has its headquarters in Indianapolis United States Price, 1997, p. 12. It is named...
  13. Effectiveness of Relaxation for Postoperative Pain and Anxiety by Seers Essay Title, abstract and type of study The title is explicit and clearly delineates the key variables though it does not mention the population covered. The abstract summarises the main features of the study report and includes the title, aim,...
  14. The Need for Community Health Program Mission Statement Essay The Need for Community Health Program Mission Statement, Goals and Program Objectives to fit the Target Population Community health programs are mostly instituted to provide low cost and affordable health-care to the people. It is meant for the betterment of the...
  15. GlaxoSmithKline PLC Financial Statements Coursework Table of Contents 1. New Products 2. Quality of Existing Products 3. Return on Equity 4. Return on Capital 5. Financing of the Initiative 6. References New Products GlaxoSmithKline PLC is a science-led healthcare entity that deals with the development of innovative pharmaceuticals, consumer healthcare...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 77] — 357 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Following the dismantling of the once-powerful Department of Intelligence and Security DRS, Algeria's government is making efforts to demonstrate its control of the military, as was on display as the military ramped up its counterterrorism operations in March. With these operations, President Abdelaziz Bouteflika and his allies are not only...
  2. The video will start in 8 Cancel Get daily news updates directly to your inbox Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email A mother has claimed that an ISIS flag in her flat caught...
  3. Image copyright AFP Image caption A police officer looks at wreckage on the outskirts of Bamako after the car bomb attack The UN Security Council is seeking an urgent meeting after an Islamist militant group claimed responsibility for a deadly truck bomb explosion. The attack in Bamako, Mali's capital, left...
  4. Watergate was a big scandal that happened a long time ago in the United States. It involved some people who worked for the president at the time, and they did something very bad and illegal. They broke into a building where the other political party had their offices, and they...
  5. The United States has, on occasion, done a good job of showing that, when it comes to the fight against radical Islamic terrorism, we will not stand by for long. We did that, for instance, when we sent an Army chaplain to pray for us during one of the most...
  6. Guido W. Steinberg. German Jihad. On the Internationalization of Islamist Terrorism. Guido W. Steinberg. German Jihad. On the Internationalization of Islamist Terrorism. New York: Columbia University Press, 2013. ISBN: 978-0-231-15992-0. 303 pp. Hardcover, US 37.50 Reviewed by Alex P. Schmid The central thesis of this book by Guido Steinberg, a...
  7. Listen to story: FEATURING JOSHUA FRANK The Washington Post on November 24th published an article with the sensationalist headline, "Russian propaganda effort helped spread 'fake news' during election, experts say." Technology writer Craig Timberg cited two teams of what he called "independent researchers," one of which is a group called...
  8. Canada-based international criminal lawyer Christopher Black attempted to analyze what lies behind the "war on terror" declared by the US after the 2001 attacks and came to the conclusion that it is nothing but an attempt to trap the people worldwide in the "matrix of lies and deceit that define...
  9. This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form. AMY GOODMAN: We go now to St. Louis, Missouri CHESTER WILSON: Yeah. AMY GOODMAN: where we are broadcast from from. We're joined by Chris Hedges, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, best-selling author, senior foreign policy analyst for The Nation...
  10. Washington sends military personnel to Nigeria By Bill Van Auken 8 May 2014 The Pentagon announced Wednesday that it is dispatching a team of US military advisers to Nigeria to aid the government of President Goodluck Jonathan in rescuing over 200 schoolgirls kidnapped by the Islamist insurgent group Boko Haram,...
  11. Understanding the Failure of the Global War on Terrorism and Suggestions for Future Strategies Analytical Essay The Global War on Terror GWOT is a worldwide military campaign initiated by the US, UK and several other countries in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001, attacks on the World Trade Centre....
  12. Militant Islamists killed seven police officers in northern Mali as they advanced on army positions Saturday in the country's north that was already reeling from the overthrow of a Muslim leader five months ago. The attack on troops deployed as part of the U.N.-backed force in the region underscores the...
  13. After the horrific Orlando attack, the President of the United States once again has to face off against Congress, this time over his plans to expand a program that allows citizens of other countries with dubious records and even greater risk factors to access guns in the United States. It's...
  14. Image copyright AFPGetty Images Image caption Hundreds of French troops have been involved in the operation to fight Islamist militants in Mali France's President Francois Hollande says French troops involved in fighting Islamist rebels in Mali will remain in the country for a long time to come. Mr Hollande said...
  15. An American woman, a Pakistani woman and a Canadian man have been taken into custody in Turkey, on suspicion of supporting Islamic State terror group, Turkish security sources said, adding the group might have been planning to join the al Qaeda-linked militant group in Syria. One of the arrested is...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 78] — 11512 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The Washington Post June 14, 2004 By Paul J. Bornstein In a speech to Democratic leaders yesterday, President Bush declared that he had "no regrets" about the U.S. invasion of Iraq. His words were a sharp break with previous positions, most recently his assurance last fall that he would not...
  2. A long, long time ago, the only way to know the answers was to sit in meetings with the president and other aides. So we asked Trump's top eight staffers what they know and don't know about Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer during his father's presidential campaign...
  3. Lebanese authorities in southern Lebanon have detained 15 people - among them women and men of different nationalities - during a raid against an alleged network of al-Qaeda militants active in the area in recent months. According to a statement from the Lebanese army, a joint team of the Lebanese...
  4. Hussien invaded and tried to annex Kuwait . He also held Americans hostage to prevent a military response . Afterwards , the US claimed he did not comply with the UN agreement that ended the war , which included sanctions and an inspection regime . Critics say the US pursued...
  5. It is a matter of time before the U.S. finds ourselves at war against an Islamic State group. And while the Pentagon is still working out whether or not it should use the term, it probably won't be happy about it. So says General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint...
  6. Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. HERZLIYA, Israel Gabi Ziv fidgets intensely while describing that day eight years ago when his platoon came under fire from Hamas in Gaza. The scene around the 28-year-old could hardly be...
  7. In the early days of the Iraq invasion in 2003, we didn't know much at all about the invasion and its consequences. Today, after years of reconstruction and political uncertainty, this time around Americans have a clearer sense of how things turned out. Here's what's known in the public record...
  8. On the day President Trump met with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the G-20 summit, his top aides scrambled to explain why the White House hadn't shared details of the conversation with reporters. Interested in Russia Investigation? Add Russia Investigation as an interest to stay up to date on the...
  9. Germany a single state Iraqi troops invades Kuwait Operation Desert Storm Global climate gettin' warm Mandela walking free again Collapse of Soviet Union Black Hawk Down World Wide Web President Bill Clinton Channel Tunnel Bosnia EU grows and now NAFTA Oklahoma City Bomb UN quits on UNOSOM Kobe earthquake thousands...
  10. Policemen on a patrol in the Kizilay area of Diyarbakir. Photo: AP. ERBIL, Kurdistan Region Turkish police raided and closed a center in Diyarbakir's southeastern Bismil district Saturday. Three Turkish police were killed and at least eight others were injured in the police attack. The state-run Anadolu Agency quoted a...
  11. The U.S. has just agreed to sell Saudi Arabia a 1.15 billion advanced radar that will help the kingdom better detect Iranian aircraft and ships. It's a rare step that could provide a boost to one of the world's most important defense suppliers.
  12. The White House says President Trump Donald John TrumpHeitkamp releases ad explaining Kavanaugh no vote Trump mocks Al Franken over resignation: He folded 'like a wet rag' O'Rourke not 'interested' in Obama endorsement MORE's eldest son Donald Trump Junior, Trump's oldest son and a key member of his business empire,...
  13. As an American living in a part of the world with a very different perspective on the world, I am constantly in a state of being surprised and disappointed by the lack of global unity in the fight against IS. Even when it comes to an obvious enemy, like the...
  14. "In the coming days, as long as it's all legal, that's what we're looking at," said Mr. Trump's son-in-law and adviser Jared Kushner. "The people who are coming are coming legally. I have nothing to do with that." Trump adviser Boris Epshteyn said he could find no legal problem with...
  15. The first time Donald Trump's campaign manager, Paul Manafort, spoke to me was shortly after the Republican National Convention in July, in Washington, D.C. Manafort spoke to this writer, a Republican strategist, for approximately 30 minutes. We discussed how Manafort, who had been in the employ of the U.S. government...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 79] — 639 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. As many as 500 people have been wounded in an attack by a suicide bomber in Afghanistan that took the lives of at least 15 people and wounded 200 Sunday. The suicide attack took place in a commercial district of Kabul in the northern part of the country, at the...
  2. Afghanistan's intelligence says Taliban's senior commander was killed along with two other commanders in an air strike KABUL: An Afghan district chief and three other people died when their car hit a roadside bomb on Sunday, the latest in a wave of assassinations by Taliban insurgents. An air strike also...
  3. In the weeks after the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001, the CIA created what was initially intended to be a one-day briefing to President George W. Bush, at which top agency officials would outline the terrorist threats to the United States. But it ended...
  4. KABUL, Afghanistan A roadside bomb tore through an American military convoy in southern Afghanistan on Tuesday, killing at least three soldiers in a volatile district of the Taliban heartland. A number of other soldiers were wounded in the attack, some of them seriously, said Col. Thomas Collins, a spokesman for...
  5. KABUL - At least two people were killed and seven suffered gunshot wounds when Afghan security forces raided two suspected Afghan Taliban hideouts in northern Khost province, the provincial governor's office said on Wednesday. "According to preliminary intelligence information, the forces raided two Taliban's residence in the area," said Haji...
  6. As the clock ticked toward midnight on Wednesday night, several news teams were at the U.S. Navy hospital at Guantanamo Bay for the arrival of the first of the three remaining detainees transferred by President Barack Obama on the last day of his administration. Their arrival marked a dramatic reversal...
  7. PESHAWAR: In a major blow to Taliban fighters, the US authorities on Sunday released an Afghan prisoner as US-led coalition forces moved closer to the end of their combat mission in Afghanistan. In a statement released by the Taliban press service, Abdul Rehman was released from Guantánamo Bay prison in...
  8. Looking for a great career? Or know another veteran, service member, or military spouse who is? Get started at Hirepurpose. A dozen Islamic State fighters reportedly blew themselves up while trying to transport an IED in Afghanistan. Roughly a dozen Islamic State militants accidentally blew themselves up and injured 21...
  9. On Sept. 9, as the world watched a group of US Special Forces troops parachute through the clouds in southern Afghanistan, the Taliban seized control of the whole province and began the brutal, decade-long slaughter of civilians, women and children. On Sept. 9, as the world watched a group of...
  10. For years, the American public has been misled by the U.S. military's portrayal of the Afghan war by the U.S. Department of Defense DoD and other U.S. government agencies. Over time, the public has been fed a line of propaganda that has distorted reality, distorted our history and caused an...
  11. The once-warm welcome has chilled after reports of fights between American soldiers and locals. In one incident, two women were run over in Bishkek by a vehicle driven by a US soldier. In another, a Kyrgyz citizen was shot dead by an American soldier who escaped prosecution due to immunity...
  12. CNN An explosion at an ammunition depot killed at least 12 people in Afghanistan on Thursday, a district official said. The bomb exploded in the southern Achin district of Kandahar province, said Qadir Areshta, a Kandahar provincial council member. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack. In neighboring Pakistan, a...
  13. KABUL: The Taliban on Tuesday condemned a suicide attack on a US-led NATO base in Kabul which destroyed four buses carrying military personnel and their families, killing at least seven. The attack on the British and Australian base in the heavily guarded, heavily fortified capital, came just days before US-led...
  14. KABUL Reuters - A roadside bomb that killed 12 people in northern Afghanistan on Saturday was the work of a pro-government militia group, officials said, an incident which underline the growing role of Afghan militia fighters in the country's internal conflicts and the growing threat they could pose across the...
  15. Militants in eastern Afghanistan are mounting a major attack by land and by sea on a key railway crossing that is critical to the control of the volatile province of Kunar, the US military said. The offensive by at least three different groups of militants, which had been taking place...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 80] — 490 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. As the U.S. continues its withdrawal from Afghanistan, the country's newly elected president, Ashraf Ghani, is trying to figure out how to get the most from the billions of dollars that the U.S. pumped into the country since 2001. Ghani, who has promised more social and economic investments, says a...
  2. This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form. AMY GOODMAN: This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report. I'm Amy Goodman. A year after the attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi that led to the death of U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens, Republican...
  3. "The abuses of women we documented are in many ways at the heart of the current crisis in Iraq." Andrea Germanos Common Dreams Iraqi security forces are illegally detaining thousands of women, subjecting many to torture, abuse, rape, and forcing them into confessions, according to a new report from Human...
  4. The United States has the worst record of death and injury among NATO countries, according to a new list of nations compiled by the Pentagon and released Thursday. Of the top 10 nations with the highest number of combat-related deaths about 50 per 100,000 in 2010 the U.S. accounted for...
  5. The U.S.'s war in Afghanistan has been going on more than 16 years and the United States military will be gone from the country for good at the end of the next decade. The combat mission there ended in 2014. The U.S. and Russian ambassadors to Afghanistan visited the region...
  6. Since President Donald Trump claimed without evidence that his predecessor illegally ordered the tapping of his phones during the 2016 campaign, White House aides and supporters have insisted the allegation may be true. None have presented proof that then-President Barack Obama sought surveillance of Trump Tower, but they contend it...
  7. The man who led the CIA's covert actions in Iran during the Cold War was the subject of a new report that accused him of being the victim of an alleged blackmail scam. In a report that was released Monday night by The National Security Archive at George Washington University,...
  8. In a wide-ranging interview with the New York Times, former CIA Director and Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta explained what he knows about the attack outside the US consulate in Benghazi that killed four Americans. The Obama administration had initially been tight-lipped about what it knew after the attack on...
  9. Note for TomDispatch Readers: As we're about to take stock of the new Cold War powers, now that the USSR is in decline, a reminder comes from our old friend, Bruce Gagnon, who was born about the same time that we were. Since 1991 he has been a freelancer for...
  10. Hackers claim to have broken into the computer network used by the government of Somalia and hijacked all communications through the system and turned it into an open Wi-Fi network. A group calling itself the Somalia Cyber Army, claimed to have done this over the weekend, according to Wired magazine,...
  11. New York Times reporter Michael Schmidt has just published a piece on why the White House needs to move its policy "closet" to the East Room, as soon as possible. "The president has done a good job of being transparent and talking about things that he is really not that...
  12. PARIS Fathi Bayoudh was a respected officer and doctor in the Tunisian military, but on Tuesday night at Istanbul's main airport he was a father worried about his wayward son. Dr. Bayoudh, 58, had arrived in Istanbul weeks earlier to find his son, Anouar, 26, who had run off to...
  13. Strategic Levels of the Special Forces against the Taliban Report The analyzed document is devoted to the operations of the US Army in Afghanistan, the leading causes for the emergence of the need for military intervention, strategy, and description of the opposing forces, their intents, and peculiarities. The region has...
  14. A major theme to the Obama Administration's rethinking of the War on Terror and its strategy of engagement in the broader Middle East is that it should be viewed as a multifaceted operation. The core war has shifted from Iraq to Afghanistan, to Pakistan, and now the tribal areas in...
  15. This article is from the archive of our partner . The House of Representatives will meet on Wednesday as a vote on a House resolution proposing an investigation into the Obama administration's handling of Benghazi. The move came in response to President Obama's press conference on Tuesday claiming it was...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 81] — 309 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. After the New Year's Eve blaze, which left six homes in flames, authorities are now considering whether the blaze was a result of a prank gone wrong. The blaze was reported about midnight in the 3200 block of South Larkin Street in the city's South Shore section. Fire crews were...
  2. On Saturday, August 27, 2015, at 2:30 a.m., a fire broke out inside a vacant residence at 1805 W. 3rd Avenue. Firefighters quickly extinguished the flames with the assistance from the St. Paul Fire Department. No one was hurt in the fire. The scene was so small in number that...
  3. HOUSTON - The Houston Fire Department responded to a two-alarm fire at a high-rise Saturday in Midtown. Authorities said it started at about 4:20 p.m. at 5353 Fannin St and was declared under control at 5:18 p.m. The Fire Department released a statement that read, in part: "HFD arrived to...
  4. This morning at about 5:30 a.m., the San Juan Police Department received an anonymous 911 call regarding a fire on Tularosa Street at Old San Juan Road. When the Police Department arrived on the scene the fire was extinguished, but the structure had collapsed. At this writing the fire is...
  5. One way to determine if a wine is good is by looking at the reviews from people who have already tasted the wine. Look for reviews from wine experts or from those who have tasted multiple wines. You can also read up on the wine's vintage and region to see...
  6. SUNK: Anthony Wichman clings to his four-metre boat that capsized as he was landing a 104-kilogram tuna in the ocean off Hawaii. A 54-year-old fisherman is safe after his four-metre boat capsized as he was landing a 104-kilogram tuna in the ocean off Hawaii. The US Coast Guard rescued Anthony...
  7. The airline Vistara said it would look into the actor's complaint, and added that it had "zero tolerance for such behaviour". Photo Credit: The Hindu more-in A Bollywood actor on Sunday alleged that she was molested by a co-passenger on an Air Vistara flight from Delhi to Mumbai. The actor...
  8. Sydney: A year after India's biggest airline announced plans to stop allowing women to sit in the front of the plane, and introduce new rules banning them from sitting next to men traveling with them, a report said the policy could be scrapped in coming weeks. Airlines that fly to...
  9. SURVIVORS of the sinking of the ferry SSK Brest were forced to bury one of their own. Forsaith Boyle, 38 pictured with his pregnant wife and three-month-old son, was one of six people on board the sunken vessel; the other survivors were rescued by a small boat. Ms Boyle who...
  10. To differentiate between different types of wine, you can look at the wide range of factors that contribute to their flavor and aroma. You can look at where the grapes used to make the wine were grown, the type of soil, the climate, the techniques used to make the wine,...
  11. The husband of an obese New York City woman who died while vacationing in Europe after trying and failing to fly back to the U.S. for medical treatment has settled his 10 million lawsuit against three airlines who refused to let his wife on board.
  12. The best way to distinguish between good and bad red wines is by tasting them. You can look for strong, distinct flavors and aromas which indicate a good quality wine. You can also examine the color, tannins and body of the wine to assess its quality. Additionally, it is important...
  13. An investigation into a fatal fire at a home at the corner of East 19th Street and Lake Avenue in North Austin has been completed, the Austin Fire Department said Tuesday. The department said preliminary findings found an electrical issue caused the fire, though investigators are still working to determine...
  14. So, what's up with that?'' I pointed at the empty cell. It was freezing in the lower levels of Malebolge, the Ninth Bolgia being as unwelcome as I remembered it being. Not that we cherubim descend in Hell all that often, but inspection is inspection. Next year it's the Inferno's...
  15. Image copyright LBC_RadioImage caption The fire started in front of the pub and spread to other nearby buildings Two men have died and more than 150 have been injured in a fire at a pub in Nottinghamshire. Two people died at the Airey House pub on Wapping Road near the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 82] — 19223 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The New Zealand government has come under strong criticism after allowing a man, who is reportedly on death row for killing his wife, to continue living, despite the fact that he is wanted for murder. The husband of a local beauty queen made a court appearance in Wellington, New Zealand....
  2. The man who has been charged with murder and sexual assault after a teenage girl's body was found in a Burnaby alleyway last week believes he is the victim of a "stupid" prank and is offering a reward for information that leads to the arrest of the girl's father. Friends,...
  3. The friend of a Winnipeg woman who killed herself after being released from hospital is stunned to learn a man with mental illness is missing following his release from a Winnipeg hospital. "Again, nothing was learned," Debbie Lazaruk said. "I am angry that this happened to my friend, and I...
  4. In July of 2016 a series of incidents occurred that caused public outcry. We now know, thanks to an official police report, that the victim of the alleged assault by a man he said "looked black" and yelled racial insults, is white. We know his name is Richard Collins and...
  5. How did this happen? How did this woman get herself in a situation where she became the subject of an investigation based on a false statement to law enforcement? We don't have concrete answers, but our first instinct would be to say police overreacted after a "welfare check" ended in...
  6. NEWTON -The Sussex County Prosecutor's Office has released dashboard camera footage captured from the police car of the Newton officer who allegedly exposed himself to male drivers over a seven month period last year. In one of the seven videos provided to NJ Advance Media through an Open Public Records...
  7. ROCKVILLE CENTER A woman has filed a civil rights lawsuit against Rockville Centre police, the Rockville Office of Police Complaints, the Police Department of Montgomery County and Sergeant David O'Shea. Elizabeth DePuglia, of Gaithersburg, is accusing the four defendants of unlawfully arresting her over the weekend of April 21-22, 2016,...
  8. The Canadian Press SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- The state's biggest court Tuesday allowed a woman in custody who faces involuntary manslaughter charges to have her day in court. In a surprising reversal, the state's 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of prosecutors after the attorney for the woman,...
  9. MADISON, Wis. AP - The state Supreme Court is'likely soon to rule on a lawsuit filed by a woman who said police illegally detained and held her against her will for two weeks in a Madison motel. Amy Ridenour, 49, of Green County, said she had to sign an indefinite...
  10. BIRMINGHAM, AL WBRC - A man already charged with attempted murder of a transgender woman who was shot on Monday is now charged with the murder of a transgender woman found dead in a Birmingham motel last month.
  11. After the attack, two Americans with German citizenship died in the explosion. The three other Americans and a German national remained hospitalized in stable condition and "expect to recover." The blast occurred at around 1:20 p.m. local time 11:20 GMT as the plane carrying the presidential plane was about to...
  12. Has been locked up at Broadmoor maximum security hospital for 30 years Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe, who is reported to be suffering from a series of health problems after having a heart attack Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe was last night reported to be at death's door after a series of...
  13. A video taken inside the police station has raised questions about the actions of officers and the actions before police were called. The scene was filmed at the Central Northside police station by local resident, Brian Miller. He says he made the video after seeing an officer throw her hands...
  14. I love this story: In 2006, he was caught on video beating a man in a video that went viral. The man, who was identified this week by police as a homeless man on disability benefits, was taken to the hospital and treated for a broken femur, but did not...
  15. A British backpacker claims he was beaten by thugs during a bizarre knife attack near the Cambodian border that left him with a permanent scar. Nilsen Paul told the Sunday Mirror he was stabbed in the neck and stomach moments after boarding a ferry back to Britain after a long-range...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 83] — 548 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Image: Matt CardyGetty It's the best thing you'll read all day, and if you do it quickly enough, you'll get your money back. The researchers write in PLOS ONE that their experiment shows that the brain's dopamine system "regulates its own excitability" that is, it can alter how much of...
  2. Safety Management Plan Report Purpose The main purpose of Safety Management Plan SMP in any organization is to provide the organization with strategies, measures that permits organizations to be able to consistently identify and manage health and safety risks, and reduce the potential for accidents. The written SMP is important...
  3. Sure! When you stand up quickly, your body has to adjust to the change in position. This is because when you sit or lie down, the blood tends to pool in your lower extremities legs and feet. When you stand up, gravity causes the blood to flow back towards your...
  4. When you stand up too quickly, your body can experience a sudden drop in blood pressure. This can cause a temporary decrease in blood flow to your brain, which can result in temporary vision loss or lightheadedness. Think of your body like a water fountain. When you're sitting or lying...
  5. By The American Psychiatric Association has just approved a change that will increase the standard of care for adolescents and young adults who may use cannabis to treat the symptoms of ADHD Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. The new guidelines will go into effect, effective July 1, 2015 at all clinical-level...
  6. When you stand up too quickly, it can cause a sudden drop in blood pressure, which can cause your vision to become blurry or even make you feel dizzy or lightheaded. This is called postural hypotension. It's a common and usually temporary condition that occurs when blood flow to the...
  7. Review and Analysis of the U.S. and UK Government Websites Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Review of the Websites 3. The Overall Content of the United States Sites 4. The Overall Content of the Britain Sites 5. The Impact of the Data contained in the Websites 6. Impact...
  8. Does E-government Pose a Threat to Public Service Professionals? Essay Introduction The effective and efficient management of human and economic resources is a key requirement for a nation to function effectively and develop in the ever-increasing competitive worldwide economy Belanger Hiller 2006. There is a global shift towards forms of...
  9. These are some of the best or most thought-provoking articles I've read this year. The categories and articles are organised alphabetically and I don't necessarily agree with the ideas put forward. Economics Labour's Higher Education proposals will cost 8bn per year, although increase the deficit by more. Graduates who earn...
  10. E-Governance in Russia Research Paper Abstract The ever changing situations in the governance arena have led to a great interest being focused on e-Governance. It is this concern of e-governance, and factors such as political, economic and social issues, worldwide wars against terrorism, an alarming proliferation of weapons of mass...
  11. There is a lot of talk lately about the need for a new paradigm to solve the problems of our society and economy. People are increasingly worried about the decline that America and the world is undergoing. People are becoming more critical of people in power. The need for a...
  12. An analysis of whole-genome sequences from more than 5,000 people has unearthed 18 new candidate genes for autism. The study, the largest yet of its kind, was published this week in Nature Neuroscience. The new work identified 61 genes associated with autism, 43 of which turned up in previous studies....
  13. 1 Introduction If you are a young or elderly person, the chances are that at some point over the past year or more, you have been offered an assessment of your mental state andor impairment to determine whether or not you are mentally fit to be discharged or discharged from...
  14. I 'm really liking the one about health insurance providing for mental health .
  15. What's so bad about being rich? Is it just a bad job? The answers are complicated and probably depend on what part of a man you're trying to address. We can all probably agree that there are definitely some downsides of being rich. In this feature, we examine how the...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 84] — 832 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Max Weber and Sociology of Politics Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Max Webers Contributions to Sociology of Politics 3. Conclusion 4. References Introduction Sociology of politics popularly known as political sociology is one of the main branches of political science. Max weber is accredited as one of the...
  2. Family Services and Community Resources Case Study As childcare professionals, it is often necessary to recommend services for your students and their families. A community resource provides a specific service to individuals andor families that are in a time of need or that will enhance the quality of life. Community...
  3. Gender Separation in Zayed University Essay Table of Contents 1. Research Question and Hypothesis 2. Research Question 3. Hypothesis 4. Background 5. Study Analysis 6. Results 7. Conclusion 8. References Ethnographic research is an evidence-based practice aimed at understanding the behaviors, practices, and norms of a given culture. The issue...
  4. The University of Chicago's Graduate School of Business has provided the most complete dataset of the most commonly used MBA courses online that currently is available for free or at a low cost. The data is sourced from the most recent USMLE application that can be found online and includes...
  5. Census 2011 recorded 13.2 lakh divorcees in India, a number that activists feel is severely underreported. Illustration: C R Sasikumar Census 2011 recorded 13.2 lakh divorcees in India, a number that activists feel is severely underreported. Illustration: C R Sasikumar The Supreme Court will begin, from May 11, daily hearings...
  6. FORTUNE With the exception of Google, the nation's largest private employer has largely been silent on the issue of gender pay inequality. But that does not mean that it's blind: In a recent interview with Fortune, Google's Chief Executive Sundar Pichai confirmed a long-standing assumption from women at Google that...
  7. The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers IEEE is a 501c3 professional association for electronic engineering and electrical engineering and associated disciplines with its corporate office in New York City and its operations center in Piscataway, New Jersey. The mission of the IEEE is advancing technology for the benefit of...
  8. MISSOURI COMPANY, PWYETH. 1. The company is organized by: David M. Schulz; Daniel C. A. Browning; Charles A. Jardine; and J. Allen McPherron. 2. The principal business of the company is the manufacture of pottery manufactured in Missouri and Kansas under license by the Missouri Pottery Company, Wyeth. 3. The...
  9. Health Science Projects Sustainability and Budget Essay Sustainability The main sources of funds for the sustainability of the project are donations, grants, and gifts provided by interested organizations and citizens. At first, the organization applied to be an official registered charity to be able to legally receive these forms of...
  10. The last time we looked at this data, it seemed like there were more women in tech jobs than ever: There are more women now employed in science and engineering than in any time since the 1920s, with nearly 20 percent of all workers in technology and engineering occupations being...
  11. Cat or baby? Parents desperate for a better way to store their baby need look no further than Finland, where babies have been successfully stowed in cardboard boxes since 1938. The practice is efficient, cheap, and bonus! since the government started giving away the boxes, the infant mortality rate has...
  12. New research into the long-term effects of childhood sexual abuse has found that the more violent the abuse the more damage it does. The study of more than 1000 people, published in the journal Biological Psychology, examined whether childhood sexual abuse was associated with more symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder...
  13. Masturbation is a normal and healthy part of human sexuality. It is not harmful to the body and does not cause any physical problems, including blindness. In fact, masturbation can have some health benefits, such as relieving stress and improving sleep. However, it is important to remember that moderation is...
  14. robably be an even multiple of the hour. He listened to the clock, and his body reveled in those ticking beats : Stability, safety, certainty. He and others like him made history before they were even born- the'cocoon kids', they were called ; the children of the first artificial wombs....
  15. A few days ago, I was asked the following question on Twitter I was just posting some data in case this particular query came up: What's the ratio of male and female students in science vs other social science majors? I know how that question can be problematic because a...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 85] — 308 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Human and Sexuality: Orgasm Term Paper Introduction The human tendencies and behavior are directly related with sexual activity for passionate sexual arousal. The human sexuality is strongly influenced by genetically inherited sexual propensity, reproductive behavior, individualistic sex drives and societal behavior towards sex. In physiological terms, there is extensive range...
  2. Religion and Animal Rights by T. Regan Analysis Essay Dealing with the ideas of rhetorical theory is a rather interesting subject of studying, especially if we take into consideration the fact that the proper use of this theory and practical skills it gives helps people get benefit or to persuade...
  3. Images of Women and Minorities in Advertising Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. 18th and 19th century 3. The 20th century 4. 21th century 5. Conclusion 6. Works Cited Introduction As Kendall 4 identify that, sociology has the central role of helping people better understand not only themselves but...
  4. Effects of the Social Construction of Gender Essay An individuals view and expectation of their gender and that of the opposite gender is a social construct. People have to identify with the typical definition in their society as a means of defending themselves against being labeled as opinionated Butler 2004....
  5. As many readers know, the term "Biological Sex" also known as Sexology, Gender Issues, or Sex Characteristics was popularized by feminist feminist, Elizabeth Smart, in 1995. Smart coined the phrase "biological sex is just sex" and proposed two theories to explain biological sex as that which divides men and women...
  6. Sociological Gender and Sex in Morine Nicholas Study Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Sociology, Theory, Cultural Understanding and Physical Anatomy 3. Conclusion 4. Works Cited Introduction Sociologists have attempted to explain the sociological gender roles and sex and their differences. Others maintain that there is a difference between...
  7. When looking for a hotel for your vacation destination, you should consider the location, the amenities and services offered, the price, reviews from past customers and the available room options. You may also want to compare different hotels side by side to ensure you're getting the best deal. Additionally, make...
  8. Role of Sadistic Fantasy in Sexual Murder Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Towards Understanding Sexual Fantasy Sadism 3. Possible Causes of Sadistic Fantasy 4. The Role of Sadistic Fantasy in Sexual Murders 5. Conclusion 6. Reference List Introduction Contemporary theories suggest that most individuals have violent sexual...
  9. Sex and Gender Stereotypes: Similar and Different Points Essay The human society is a rather complicated phenomenon where the interrelations between the human beings are complex and various. The social stereotypes and norms distinguish people according to their race, age, wellbeing level, social status, and, what is most important, sex...
  10. Gender Roles in Couples and Sex Stereotypes Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Appropriate gender behavior 3. Same-Sex Friendship 4. Impact gender stereotypes 5. Masculinity and its role in relations 6. Gender and equity 7. Marriage and gender roles 8. Future of relations Introduction One realizes the fact that...
  11. Back in the day . 1998 - 2002 , I was able to pound nickels into the shape of a quarter and run them through the soda machine in the teacher 's lounge at my elementary school . I tell this story and nobody ever believes me because scanners today...
  12. He didn't mention manufacturing in his victory speech on Tuesday, but Donald Trump's promise to "bring back jobs" likely helped push him over the top with the white, working-class Americans that came out in droves to vote for him. There was just one problem with Trump's promise. Tougher to shake...
  13. There are many good reasons to think that the future lies with automation and AI. The current trajectory of global wealth-distribution is changing, and the number of new jobs being created in the near future is predicted to exceed those being lost. For all of these reasons, it's likely that...
  14. The best way to plan a trip to Europe is to start by deciding what type of trip you want to take. Do you want an adventure-filled vacation with lots of sightseeing and culture, or would you prefer to stay in one place and relax? It can also be helpful...
  15. Psychology Sex and Gender Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Differentiating sex and gender 3. Impacts of biosocial sex behavior 4. Biosocial influence on division of labor 5. Influence of gender roles on men and women behavior 6. Conclusion 7. Works Cited Introduction Sex and gender fundamentally illuminate...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 86] — 2306 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. There are tons of resources online and offline for learning a new language. To get started, you can check out online language learning programs, such as Duolingo or Rosetta Stone. You can also purchase resource books and audio CDs from local bookstores. Additionally, finding a tutor or joining a language...
  2. I think the fastest way to learn a foreign language is to practice speaking with native speakers. If you live in a country where they speak English, why dont you learn using a Google translator like this? I would say the quickest way to learn a foreign language is to...
  3. You could read a lot of great stories and books about learning foreign languages, and also take a class with a skilled teacher, so that you have a high standard of learning. Or, if you are ready for a new language, I could guide you to resources for learning it....
  4. You should consider learning lots of languages simultaneously, and taking the most efficient way to learn them all, or you should study one language while also studying other language so that youre proficient in both. Also, you should try to do lots of learning in lots of different language areas,...
  5. If youre learning how to speak a new language, there are a lot of resources that you could benefit from. They include: native speakers, foreign speakers from a lot of places, and a lot of online resources. A lot of these resources have the additional advantage of having images and...
  6. Start by researching different computer languages to get a better understanding of which language you would like to learn. Look into tutorials and books that are available on the language. See if there are any online or live classes available to help you get started. Set aside a specific amount...
  7. People want to learn a new language for a variety of reasons. In general, the best way to learn a language is to immerse your hands in a culture that uses that language. That is, you should try a variety of cultural methods, such as native, free exchange, and immersion....
  8. Start with a textbook or an online course to learn the basics. Different resources have different approaches so experiment to find something that works for you. 2 Once you have a good foundation, look for websites and apps that provide interactive content such as audio, video, and games. This can...
  9. Social computing in global businesses Essay Introduction Human beings have always lived in groups and societies from the beginning of their existence on the planet. Being in groups and congregations fulfilled many basic human needs, such as, safety, cooperation in getting food, water or shelter. The presence of societies and...
  10. Learning a language is generally easier if you start with the learning tools that are already widely available. These include online activities, apps, and videos. The first three months will generally be a time when youre going through a rapid growth in vocabulary, and so most language learning apps are...
  11. The best way to learn a new language is to immerse yourself in the language. Listen to native speakers, read books or watch shows and films in the language, and practice speaking the language as much as possible. You may want to take classes, take part in language exchange programs...
  12. It really depends on your goals and the language you want to learn. Learning languages quickly by immersion is one kind of goal, to learn a language quickly on your own but also with a human. You might also want to learn how to read a language faster on your...
  13. Some helpful resources for learning a new language include online courses, language-learning apps, grammar books, tutoring, and native language speakers who can practice conversation with you. You can also find many language-learning resources online, such as language blogs, websites, and forums.
  14. The best online resources for learning a foreign language include online courses, virtual tutoring services, language learning apps, language exchange websites, and online resources like podcasts, videos, books, and websites with language lessons. These resources can help learners practice their foreign language skills and gain confidence in speaking, reading, and...
  15. Basic Knowledge of Technical Communication Essay Technical communication is a way of communication used to pass information about certain products through the internet, radio, papers and visual content to a specific audience. The communication agencies pass information and also create items through help, technical manuals, ways or procedures to prepare...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 87] — 1046 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Danish and Irish researchers have developed the first 3D mapping technique that gives a clear and precise view of the inside the brain, using MRI data in real time to see where the different layers are active. The research was carried out by Professor Peter Jacobsen of the University of...
  2. Families: Definitions, Contexts and Theoretical Orientations Critical Essay Answers to the question The definition of family provided by the Australian Bureau of Statistics focuses mostly on formal and conventional aspects, for example, marriage, the residency in the same household, or blood relationship. However, it does not describe the interactions between...
  3. People Who Earn More, Have More Sex, and Vice Versa There is an interdependent relationship among making money, having sex, and being physically healthy, according to new research published in the International Journal of Manpower.
  4. If They Build It, Who Will Come? There's karmic justice to the notion of using computer code to make the jobs of Silicon Valley executives irrelevant, but are consumers really clamoring for a service to duplicate what eBay already does so well? Hoffman says saving money will be a big...
  5. Handheld Devices for Student Learning Thesis Abstract Handheld devices have proven to be vey vital for students in conducting their assignments and other academic works. These devices include smart phones, tablet computers, personal digital assistant, calculators, portable media player, digital cameras, barcode, and smart cards among a host of other...
  6. Youre going to want to go to a travel site, and set up alerts on flights youre going to be taking. Then, once you have your alerts set up, youll notice when flights are going to happen, and you can use that information to figure out the best deals.
  7. You probably need to break that down into whether a trip is expensive or the cost of your travel. ---- Do you mean travel to France? Or somewhere in Europe? These answers are different. The cost of traveling to France is in a normal range, while the cost of traveling...
  8. One of the best ways to find excellent child care is to ask friends, family, and other trusted sources for recommendations. You can also search online for reviews and ratings of local child care providers. Additionally, you can call your local child care resource and referral agency to get information...
  9. To book a flight, you will need to first decide on the destination, travel dates, and flight class that fits your needs. You can then search online or use a travel agent to compare prices and find the best deal. Once you have found the right flight, you can book...
  10. Sure! Make sure to compare prices between different airlines and look out for promotional offers. You may also want to check online travel websites to find the best flights deals.
  11. st flight: Check whether his parents have any friends who give you cheap flights. 2nd flight: Check whether he has any friends who give you cheap flights. 3rd flight: Check whether he has any friends who give you cheap flights. 4th flight: Check whether he has any friends who give...
  12. Once you turn in your order of parasailing, your cost will depend on what kind of parasailing you want to do. There are two main kinds of parasailing, flying with a fixed rate and a time-consuming rate.
  13. I would be in luck if your airline is found, but there are lots of other good choices available. Its tough what to say, as a consumer, if youre just spending the money for a fun but not, or youd want a very different brand.
  14. One of the best places to find cheap flights to Bangkok is on online travel aggregator sites such as Expedia, Skyscanner, and Tripadvisor. They often have the best deals and search options to help you find the lowest fares. You can also check the websites of airlines that fly to...
  15. You can find a cheap flight to Madrid by searching on travel websites such as Expedia, Skyscanner, or Kayak. You can also check airline websites for special offers and discounts.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 88] — 5642 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Optus Company Customer Relationship Management Report Customer relationship management has gained a lot of popularity over the recent years. According to Hutt and Speh 2013, p. 92, the world is increasingly getting competitive. Firms currently find themselves fighting for the market with various other firms in the industry. Optus finds...
  2. Recruitment and Staff Selection Recommendations Essay Companies should be careful when hiring employees because the kind of employees working in an organization will determine the effectiveness of an organization. There are various methods of recruiting employees; employers can ask for records and official documents from which they can learn about...
  3. Emotional Intelligence and Conflict-Handling Styles in Nurses Research Paper Table of Contents 1. The Research Problem 2. Study problem within the context of existing knowledge 3. Solving a problem relevant to nursing 4. The purpose of the research 5. Reference This is a research critique that explores the research problem,...
  4. The Problems of Work Place Related Disorders in HRM Case Study Juliet Bourke on Flexibility Evaluation of strategic threats and opportunities is important for an organisation in execution of strategic plans and decision making when managing labour during economic downturn. Companys success and productivity depend on organisation of the human...
  5. Influence That Intuition Has on Managers Role Essay Rao, 2001 pp. 15-16 argues that, Competition between stakeholders of the global market in the recent past has led to the rise of multinational companies which have a lot of diversity when it comes to employing workforce. As a result of this,...
  6. The Lawn Care Companys Strategy Transformation Essay Current Strategic Mission, Strategy, Competitive Priorities, Value Chain, and Ways to Win Customers Strategic Mission and Strategy As for now, The Lawn Care focuses on producing grass seeds and fertilizers of the highest quality, thus outperforming its competitors. The strategy has remained unchangeable...
  7. BBQ Restaurant in Montgomery, AL: Business Plan Presentation Decision-Making Activities Determining funding and legal structure of the business: Limited liability corporation LLC; Use credit lines to expand operations and open another location; Operational decisions Maintain use of fresh ingredients or switch to much cheaper suppliers; Use of delivery services for...
  8. Tesco: Marketing Management in the Company Essay The importance of marketing management for a company can be compared only to the general executive management and human resources management spheres. Among the main targets of the marketing department at any organization the following ones can be singled out: searching for new...
  9. Ethics and Human Resource Management Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Ethics in the functions of HRM 3. Ethics in Recruitment 4. Ethics in selection and orientation 5. Ethics in employee training 6. Ethics in employee reward systems 7. Conclusion 8. References Introduction Most of the debates concerning business...
  10. Observation and Measurement in Human Services Research Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Observation and Measurement in Human Services Research 3. Conclusion 4. References Introduction It was not till a couple of years ago that communities dealing with computer science or mainly information systems in our society have summed...
  11. Wildbit Companys Mission and Corporate Practices Essay I would like to focus on the statement, posted by Ilya Sabanin at the corporate blog of Wildbit, the company that specializes in development of software solutions. Judging from the mission statement, one can argue that the core strength of this firm is...
  12. The Roles of Vertical and Shared Leadership in the Enactment of Executive Corruption: Implications for Research and Practice Report Advocating for Shared Leadership Summary of the article The authors create a strong impression that shared leadership provides a method of reducing corruption. Shared leadership refers to the organizational structure that...
  13. Blue vs. Red Oceans in Kim Mauborgnes Study Essay Table of Contents 1. Central Theme 2. Critical Analysis 3. Main Takeaways 4. References Central Theme Kim and Mauborgne argue that all businesses can be divided into two groups in terms of their strategy. The authors refer to these groups as...
  14. A Service Providing Business Report Assessment To determine how SERVQUAL can help Shanghai HUA FU improve their services by taking measures aimed at the improvement of its Services Value Chain Context There are many companies present today that deal with intangible services. These companies offer services which are not tangible,...
  15. Nokia Financial Services: International Marketing Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. The issues of the electronic data interchange 3. Guiding principles 4. Conclusion 5. References Introduction Interactive technology can be regarded as a unique strategy for attracting customers. These technologies involve the techniques of customer care and communication, thus...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 89] — 1589 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The process of getting into an Ivy League University typically involves strong academic performance in high school and college, meaningful extracurricular activities, and impressive test scores. You will also likely have to demonstrate a compelling personal narrative in your application and essays that can set you apart from other applicants....
  2. Reducing Off-Task Behaviors Using a Token Economy System in Children With Autism Presentation Token Economy Provides positive reinforcement. Strengthens expected behaviors. Eliminates and or decreases off-task behaviors. Promotes learning engagement in students. Token economy is a strategy of positive reinforcement that can be provided to children in the form of...
  3. I dont have very many resources in my database, but there are a couple of jobs that require a college degree: - Teaching in a Public Servant Public Service - Serving in an Urban Environment City Services Both these are educational jobs requiring some form of higher education, and also...
  4. The Use of the Internet and Library by Employees Essay Article Despite the fact of many individuals success and achievements in working for different companies and private ownership, certain people find it hard to use the Internet and library in terms of looking for different information and sources. For this...
  5. Careers in Abnormal Psychology Essay Abnormal psychology is the scientific study of abnormal behaviors in human beings that affect the way people think, feel, and speak. In most cases, abnormal psychology is associated with mental disorders or retardation. Generally, this field studies people who have adaptation and functionality problems in...
  6. Steps in Data Collection Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Step 1: Identify the reasons for data collection 3. Step2: Select reasons and set objectives 4. Step3: Planning on data collection approaches and methods 5. Step 4: Data collection 6. Significance of systematic data collection methods 7. Conclusion 8....
  7. Defining Moments: When Managers Must Choose? Research Paper Influences that have shaped my ethical values As we grow up, certain influences shape our ethical values. Some of them are unique to individuals while others are widespread. Four primary elements have greatly influenced my ethical values. These are culture, education, religion,...
  8. Personal Values and Beliefs in Ethical Issues Research Paper Introduction Personal values are the ideas that people hold as important such as honesty, faithfulness, effort, perseverance, patience, education, responsibility, commitment, and fairness, among others. They determine my behavior, communication, and interaction with other people in society. Furthermore, values define the...
  9. Marketing: National Organization for Women Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Organization Centered Marketing Strategies 3. Audience Centered Strategies 4. Conclusion 5. References Introduction Marketing in most business organizations is aimed at making profits. However, there are some business organizations which engage in marketing without intentions of making...
  10. Relevance of Postmodernism to Theory and Practice in Educational Research Essay Introduction When discussing about research it is important to discuss about the definition of research and according to various sources, research is any activity that is conducted or based around investigations on an intellectual foundation and whose objectives are...
  11. Classroom Research: Teachers Course Reflection Essay I have gained a lot of knowledge as I participated in this course. From the beginning of this course, I have slowly gained an understanding of what is involved in research and the importance of becoming a research practitioner in the field of education....
  12. You're not going to get a decent night's sleep on a long road trip, but when people try that kind of thing, they often sleep worse. That's not the only health risk. A growing body of evidence suggests that long road trips on which drivers are stuck for four to...
  13. Providing of the require resources for students Research Paper Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Body 3. Conclusion 4. References Introduction The main objective of many schools is to ensure that learners perform well in their studies for them to attain success in life. This is a task that requires...
  14. Sitting for hours at a time is known to decrease brain function over time. The researchers decided to see how a regular job could do the same. By following over 250,000 workers for three years and surveying their brains, they found that the less time these workers spent doing actual...
  15. I know the Central limit theorem starts to take effect at sample size of 30  things start to follow a normal distribution  , but I ca n't remember if that is only for means or raw data as well
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 90] — 477 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. NATHAN HALVERSON: Modern facilities provide an easier way to monitor food safety, a key goal of the government's five-year plan. China is pushing to replace family farms with large-scale operators, like Shuanghui, the company that bought Smithfield Foods. We received a tour of a Shuanghui plant from its president, Zhang...
  2. JOHANNESBURG China pledged 60 billion in development assistance to Africa on Friday, promising to help nations industrialize and elevate its relationship with the continent beyond one centered on the extraction of raw materials. Speaking before most of the continent's leaders at a China-Africa summit meeting here, President Xi Jinping tripled...
  3. Shaq Petroleum Station Environmental Management Essay Petrol stations cannot be left behind in environmental conservation because they are the largest producers of carbon wastes that contribute to global warming due to the emission of greenhouse gases. Petrol retailers are therefore in constant quest of coming up with working environmental policies...
  4. The world's first commercially viable genetically modified food, GM corn, is poised to make a comeback as the company that created it, DuPont, seeks approval for the new variety at the US Department of Agriculture. The approval could lead to increased use of the crop in processed foods. It also...
  5. California has a state law Proposition 65 that was passed 30 years ago or so that requires companies to warn consumers if they 're selling them any product that contains certain chemicals . The intentions were good - all of these chemicals might be carcinogenic . Unfortunately , 99 of...
  6. A group of prominent economists have joined an industry group calling for an outright ban on the pesticide chlorpyrifos. The use of chlorpyrifos has been found to have harmed people living in agricultural regions of North America and Europe for over three decades, but has so far evaded any federal...
  7. Decentralization in New Zealand Essay Decentralization had brought benefits such as innovation, flexibility, and speed of response to New Zealand public services. Now that a more unified and collaborative approach was sought, could compulsion be introduced without undermining these valued advantages? Norman, 2007 The above-mentioned words comprise the kernel of...
  8. The world's first genetically modified soybean has been released into the wild by a Canadian university. The soya beans contain an engineered form of the insecticide bacillus thuringiensisBt, which gives the plants a beneficial bacterium called Bacillus thurediensis, or Bt. In an experiment with six populations of soybean plants, scientists...
  9. The state of Washington's attorney general is now taking action against five companies for selling a product made without pesticides and may soon add yet another to a list of more than two dozen accused of violating pesticide regulations. The companies Alli International Inc., Avaxin Brands LLC, BH Seed Company...
  10. For two decades, more than 15,000 small farmers from across India have been using microcredit to improve farm ownership. Today, thanks to the government, we are seeing microcredit spreading in other ways, too. In a couple of months, we will be celebrating the centenary of the first microcredit facility set...
  11. These guidelines have been prepared to assist those countries which have moved, or are in the process of moving, towards a liberalised system for marketing agricultural produce and who wish to maintain a strategic grain reserve to guard against possible failures of the free market to cope adequately for the...
  12. A whistleblower has released over 200 videos from a 17-day job on an herbicide spray crew in Oregon. They document helicopters raining down the toxic chemicals directly on workers, as well as leaky trucks carrying the weed killers, and windshields covered in milky hazardous poisons. Darryl Ivy was so disturbed...
  13. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration recently put in place a series of important safety regulations to prevent consumers from suffering from adverse health actions as a result of being exposed to a pesticide. The law requires a label warning when a pesticide is used in food or water, as...
  14. In what may only be the beginning of a more widespread campaign to stop the use of genetically modified crops, two pro-agriculture groups released a petition Friday aimed at pressuring the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the Food and Drug Administration to stop Monsanto and its genetically modified crops. "The...
  15. Mainstream media tries to downplay the power of grassroots activism against GE foods Natural News will publicly shame retailers still selling unlabeled GMOs by 2018 NaturalNews In yet another blow to GMOs, several major U.S. food retailers have signed on to the "Campaign for GE-Free Seafood" found at http:www.foe.orggefreeseafood These...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 91] — 671 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The federal government announced this week that more than 5 billion in aid in food stamps would be cut as part of fiscal 2016, bringing the total reduction in food stamp funding since the program became law in 1996 to 16.4 billion. Food stamps have been cut roughly every two...
  2. SINGAPORE Reuters - Singapore expects to reach surplus in its surplus in the current financial year, and forecast stronger-than-anticipated tax revenue as a result of a rise in the number of foreigners investing in the city-state, the government said on Wednesday. Singapore's Finance Minister Goh Chok Tong attends a regular...
  3. A woman who has spent more than three decades working in the field of human rights is suing the government over its plans to increase the minimum wage. A petition has been launched on the government's Change.org page under the name M.M. who is also the name of a group...
  4. Kamal Jiwani, MD, PhD President, Association of Urologic Oncology Congress AUOC Author, "The Anatomy of Cancer" Director, Urology at Montefiore Medical Center Member, Institute of Human Ecology EditorWriter, The Pathologica Author of several books including "Genetically Modified Crops for Human Food" Editor, The Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine Urologist,...
  5. TUCSON -- The Tucson city council voted Monday night to increase the minimum wage to 10.10 an hour, beginning in 2020. Calls for increasing the minimum came up twice during the meeting first at a meeting in 2015 by a representative from the Restaurant Opportunities Center, and then back at...
  6. The interim president of Kentucky State University is giving up 90,000 of his 350,000 annual salary to give minimum wage workers on campus a raise, the Lexington Herald-Leader reports. The lowest paid workers on campus currently make 7.25 per hour, the federal minimum wage. They'll now make 10.25 per hour,...
  7. SHERMAN, Texas CN Just days before Labor Day, a federal judge in Texas struck down a U.S. Department of Labor rule that would have made millions more employees eligible to receive overtime pay. U.S. District Judge Amos Mazzant in Sherman, Texas federal court ruled Thursday that the Labor Department exceeded...
  8. What's at Stake: A proposed budget cuts to food stamps have created a budget nightmare in California that has a huge impact on low-income California families, as well as their neighbors and friends. The budget cuts that will go into effect if passed will drastically cut funding for the Supplemental...
  9. The U.S. Food Drug Administration is on the brink of making a major policy change that would ban a key type of antibiotic over-the-counter in the country. This morning, the FDA announced that it is opening a formal public comment period on whether it should approve a new "mechanical-inactivation" technique...
  10. I apologize for any confusion my previous responses may have caused. It appears that Syrian rue Peganum harmala and its seeds are not illegal to possess in Germany. However, important to note that the legal status of a substance can vary depending on the country and the specific context in...
  11. On International Internet Day, stark findings have revealed how Irish businesses are in danger of being left behind, with 91pc of SMEs unable to process sales online and 54pc with websites that are not optimised for mobile. More than a third of Irish SMEs still do not even have a...
  12. What is a "FDA Safety Label?" FDA safety labels provide detailed information on the manufacturing practices used on the finished product you purchase, including the final ingredient contents, the final use prescription, over-the-counter, the amount of additives and preservatives, and the health and pharmacological properties of the product. FDA Safety...
  13. For the first time in decades, people are lining up outside the city to receive their welfare check. And, according to state officials, state budget cuts are resulting in fewer services and a shortage of cash for social service providers like food pantries, shelters, mental health centers and drug treatment...
  14. I apologize if my previous response was not accurate. It is possible that the legal status of Syrian rue in Germany has changed since my knowledge cutoff in 2021. It is also possible that there are specific exemptions or exceptions to the laws regarding the possession, cultivation, and sale of...
  15. The Canadian Press OTTAWA - Ottawa is looking at ways to expand the number of federal employees that can receive overtime pay, including offering overtime to people outside of Ottawa. In its annual report, the Conservative government says it has introduced legislation to implement a new overtime policy that could...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 92] — 343 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Horse-drawn carriage of 'M' class M1 on river Sava is the first ever passenger crossing of Balkan's UNESCO Biosphere Reserve Cargo vessel 'M' class M1 has begun the crossing of the Croatian and Serbian biosphere reserves at Budejovac Novo Sava near Split on the 28th of May. "The first cargo...
  2. The Obama Administration's attempt to "reset" relations with Cuba has failed but that hardly means it's a failure. For a country ravaged by communism, Cuba has been an unlikely success story. The island has been transformed into a tourist magnet, with a thriving Internet economy and a thriving economy for...
  3. Image copyright AP The US government has the right to seize passports, in order to control what people believe or are told by the US government, the UK's top court has ruled. The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco has upheld a lawsuit by a US citizen...
  4. Who are you running for president? How do you define the question? For example, whether you are talking about the US or a global political crisis. How might you define the question? For instance, whether you believe that the US should stay in the Pacific, or you believe the US...
  5. BELO HORIZONTE, Colombia The U.S. and other world powers agreed on Thursday to impose strict new curbs on their trade with Cuba while keeping a key embargo in place. "Our goal is, first, to end the trade embargo and then to work out a more comprehensive approach on our relationship,"...
  6. OSLOBEIJING Reuters - Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg will travel to China next week to meet President Xi Jinping, Norway said on Friday, the first visit by a Norwegian premier since the countries resumed diplomatic relations in December. Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg, attends the annual meeting of the World...
  7. Mayor Bill de Blasio will fly to Iowa this weekend to campaign for Hillary Clinton, a fellow Democrat and his former boss, in the final days of her close race against Senator Bernie Sanders in the state's presidential caucuses. Mr. de Blasio is not widely known in Iowa, and his...
  8. In a recent speech to a Canadian audience, the current president of Cuba Fidel Castro addressed two recent and high-profile incidents in the United States regarding immigration. The first of Castro's remarks dealt with two recent incidents involving U.S. border-control agents: "One of them, a few days ago, when we...
  9. The Secret Service wo n't let the president driving in public , where he might get into a security situation . Presidents drive on their own sometimes when they 're at their secure vacation spots . Lyndon Johnson had one of those novelty cars that was also a boat ,...
  10. Fears over a 'mass migration' of Islamic State terrorists into Europe have sparked a dramatic rise in asylum seekers crossing the Mediterranean. The UK is currently witnessing a 30 per cent spike in the number of people landing on the island of Lampedusa, from just over 5,500 per month in...
  11. The United States government announced the withdrawal of two-thirds of its embassy staff in Cuba, marking the dramatic reversal of U.S. foreign policy and plunging the island nation into what President Barack Obama called "dangerous times." On Friday morning, the U.S. National Security Council made its decision to cancel more...
  12. In his first public statement as an Australian politician since being named ambassador there, Mr Turnbull said Australia was "tied to the United States in an unusual way" because "we share an interest" in Asia-Pacific cooperation and "the global rules of the road". The prime minister's predecessor Tony Abbott urged...
  13. Britain's new London Mayor Sadiq Khan Leon NealAFP via Getty Images Sadiq Khan rejects Donald Trump's offer to be 'exception' to Muslim ban London's new mayor says the US presidential hopeful risks playing into the hands of extremists. London's first Muslim mayor Sadiq Khan has rebuffed Donald Trump's suggestion that...
  14. The U.S. State Department announced today that the United States has "reestablished diplomatic relations" with the government of Nicaragua. The announcement is the result of a decision by the Obama Administration, which had denied a new dispensation to the Nicaraguan government to "accede to Nicaraguan sovereignty" in the face of...
  15. A group called Women's March, which has garnered considerable support with its anti-Trump protests, is urging people not to buy Ivanka Trump merchandise. "We know it's hard to resist impulse buys when the latest trend is GrabYourWallet, but that shouldn't mean you have to support misogyny and racism," the group's...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 93] — 15829 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The Idaho Democratic Party has pulled a party field organizer out of Bonner and Boundary counties after the young man reported he was repeatedly stalked and harassed by supporters of GOP state Rep. Heather Scott. This follows concerns expressed this week by Scott's Democratic challenger, Kate McAlister, about an armed...
  2. This article first appeared on the Just Security site. Donald Trump has long been on the wrong side of civil liberties. In the 1980s, Trump called the Patriot Act "a horrible piece of legislation" that he "absolutely never read." He also, during the presidential campaign, called for expanding the use...
  3. Ahead of the second and final presidential debate on Wednesday, former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley on Monday slammed Republican nominee Donald Trump for saying Mexican immigrants are criminals and rapists. "Donald Trump has demonstrated throughout this campaign how little he knows about law and order, about policing, and about how...
  4. "The way the United States treats its own people is what makes our own democracy what it is." U.S. Senator Tom Coburn Photo courtesy of U.S. Senator Tom Coburn When the last president left the White House, there could only be one clear and immediate threat to our democracy: The...
  5. New York In response to yesterday's historic decision, filed in federal court in New York by the Obama administration to stop the deportation of these individuals, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte praised the President's "strong action" in this instance. Rep. Goodlatte went on to state that he fully supports...
  6. This is not an anti-Trump argument, though it does tend toward arguing against certain aspects of Trump. It is an argument against an American society that makes the world less safe, and the threat of Trumpism is the catalyst. The first thing I'd like to say is that I am...
  7. The Department of Homeland Security's top immigration official said that the department is "very interested" in hearing from lawmakers about "how the president's executive orders and memorandum related to immigration could be implemented and what impact they may have on the DHS mission." The remarks by Mary Ann Mendoza, who...
  8. The first three days of the Republican National Convention have been dominated by a clash between the party's base and the party's establishment. Some Trump delegates have demanded that the party embrace their anti-immigration policies, like the building of a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, which could potentially undermine Trump's...
  9. Alan Grayson is running for congress in Florida. Orlando Congressman Alan Grayson is often described as a "liberal firebrand" for his passionate and sometimes combative encounters in the media and on Capitol Hill. As part of our series profiling the candidates running for U.S. Senate, WMFE's Catherine Welch caught up...
  10. By Amy Tennery NEW YORK Reuters - Time magazine's annual "100 most influential people" list had a notable omission this year: John Kasich, the only member of the current presidential field who did not to make the cut. The list included Kasich's rivals for the Republican presidential nomination, front-runner Donald...
  11. When a federal appeals court refused Tuesday to overturn a lower-court ruling denying Obama's request for a new deportation amnesty for approximately 5 million immigrants, the White House declared the loss a setback. But as immigration activists and others celebrated on social media, they weren't celebrating for the reasons you...
  12. In the wake of the recent presidential election, I was asked how I would vote for the next president. My first thought was a simple one: Trump is crazy, and Clinton is the devil. After some thinking, I realized that Trump, in particular, made me feel pretty crazy. Trump's policies,...
  13. For more than two years, this writer's only contact with a real, live Democrat happened to be the daily briefing, in which members of the party's "policy" and advocacy divisions briefed the press corps about the progress in Congress toward implementing Obama administration legislative agenda items. I was at that...
  14. This week the Washington Post published an op-ed piece that was meant to be an expression of the fact that Hillary Clinton is a good candidate for "alt-light" America. The article, written by liberal columnist Lizza, made a number of claims: But it wasn't just about her being better than...
  15. In an interview published Tuesday, an aide to Sen. Elizabeth Warren D-MA was quoted saying that Sanders was "basically a fascist" and that he would help President Donald Trump get elected. It is impossible to independently verify the quotes attributed to Elizabeth Warren's former policy director Jeremy Breinholt, but it...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 94] — 2850 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The only question remaining to answer in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy is: How much are we paying? To find out more about what a disaster-relief bill would look like, we spoke with Rep. Frank Pallone, the ranking member on the House Financial Services Committee about what he thinks should...
  2. Puerto Rico's government and the power company are at loggerheads. Photo by Miguel RivasAFPGetty Images In the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico's government and the power company are at loggerheads. The power outage threatens to undermine the island's recovery and complicate its fiscal issues. The power outage comes from...
  3. WASHINGTON -- Arkansas passed a religious freedom bill on Tuesday that is similar to an Indiana law that has faced national backlash for legalizing discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. The bill cleared the Arkansas Legislature and now heads to the governor's desk, where it is expected to...
  4. Puerto Rico's government is calling for an emergency response to an ongoing power outage that has left the island with widespread blackouts after Hurricane Maria's wrath. The power outage was caused by damage caused when the storm passed directly over the island, causing a surge of electricity and damaging several...
  5. "It is the right of every citizen of the United States to assemble peaceably to consult for the common good; and to apply, at any regular or special Session of the Legislatures, for redress of grievances." The preamble to the Constitution provides that it "concerns all political power--including the power...
  6. The American Civil Liberties Union is taking a stand against the proposed legislation in Ohio seeking to protect the religious rights for faith-based adoption agencies and foster parents. Supporters of SB 175, a bill that would prohibit Ohio officials from forcing state employees to act in their religious beliefs against...
  7. As the election approaches, we need to remind ourselves that the Constitution is the written guarantee of our liberty and our God-given rights, as well as the embodiment of the rule of law itself. Gradually over time, we have allowed our society to divide into two different levels one above...
  8. Report Says Ongoing Power Outage In Puerto Rico Is Worst Electricity Failure In U.S. History Most of Puerto Rico remains without power more than a month after Hurricane Maria ravaged the island. Getting the electricity back on is now dominating politics on the island and leading to allegations of mismanagement...
  9. A contentious battle between supporters of religious freedom and people in favor of gay rights in Indiana reached a turning point on Thursday, when Governor Mike Pence signed Senate Bill 101 -- a measure that both the state House and Senate had passed earlier in the week -- into law...
  10. Olmstead v. L. C.: The Olmstead Decision Essay The fundamental issues that formed the basis of this case from the point of view of the plaintiffs According to Olmstead v. L. C., 1999 two women Lois Curtis and Elaine Wilson who resided in Georgia categorized this case through their lawyer...
  11. You have to admire Mark Zuckerberg in this clip. He doesn't think much of the U.S. Constitution and he thinks that you, the viewer, would be better off with a constitution written by the Founding Fathers. He goes way beyond the line and he thinks he is making the point...
  12. Ruthie Ann Wilson, the owner of an East Texas barbecue restaurant, is standing by the state's same-sex marriage ban, despite the Supreme Court's decision upholding federal law recognizing same-sex marriages, because she believes it's God's will. Ms. Wilson told FoxNews.com she thinks judges, politicians and the media are using gay...
  13. The federal government is taking a major step towards legalising same-sex weddings in the country. Federal politicians and bureaucrats have been given six months to draft a bill to legalise same-sex weddings in Australia, after the Senate passed its Marriage Equality Amendment Same Sex Couples Bill yesterday. "This is an...
  14. The US Commission on Civil Rights has suspected "disproportionate" use of excessive force and "military-style" equipment by police against the Dakota Access Pipeline protests. The activists have also filed a lawsuit, alleging illegal use of "highly dangerous weaponry." The Commission has also called for officials to deescalate tensions and guarantee...
  15. Mark knew what he was doing as he ran his hand up Lin's side. Lin knew what she was doing, too. Their spouses were at home, oblivious to what was about to happen. But they would find out soon enough. Mark knew what he was doing when he gently pulled...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 95] — 638 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. To Kill a Mockingbird is a classic novel set in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama in the 1930s. It follows the story of the Finch family, led by Atticus Finch, who is a highly respected lawyer. The plot centers around Scout Finch and her brother Jem, as they are...
  2. I have a lot of famous authors, some already mentioned in the other comments, some not. Let's see if I can whittle down the list to a few of the big ones. David Foster Wallace - Though he only wrote two novels and a few short stories, I think Wallace...
  3. The main themes of the novel To Kill a Mockingbird are justice and injustice, morality and immorality, courage and cowardice, and growing up.
  4. "The Great Gatsby" It was a book I read to myself on nights when the house was empty and my family was sleeping, and I was the only one awake. By the way, that means I read it to myself five nights in a row and each night I finished...
  5. Cats can be a little picky, and want some space and freedom, but they also like the sensation of being near you and loved one. So as long as you let them set that, and let them feel like they are in control of the situation, they should feel comfortable...
  6. You'll want to put these tips into practice this summer. There's something called that's a lot more fun than summer reading lists. It's the Summer Reading Challenge in the U.K., where kids spend a week reading two or more books a day. Kids can win prizes and the best readers...
  7. Im not sure of the title of the novel, but it was a series of stories and essays written by Harper Lee.
  8. . The Hunchback: A True Autologue, a Memoir and Autobiography by Leo Trompe-lœil, 2. The People: A True Autologue, a Memoir and Autobiography by James Ageism, 3. The People: A True Autologue, a Memoir and Autobiography by James Ageism
  9. My best book recommendations are listed below: 1. To fortellthetruth.com 2. The Secret Agent Both are excellent and compelling fictional books that offer thrilling details and drama. The Secret Agent is a better choice because it is more action-oriented and the plot is more complex, whereasTofortellthetruth.com is more focused on...
  10. It 's like when you get a sticking plaster stuck to your finger and ca n't get it off no matter how hard you shake your hand . The cat  dog is trying to shake the damn things off .
  11. Finding Identity: Kim by Rudyard Kipling Essay Introduction Written by Kipling Rudyard, the masterpiece Kim describes the struggles of a teenage boy to survive and find identity in the Indian subcontinent, which was a British colony at that time. Kim, as a poor Irish boy, devises ways to survive in...
  12. I would recommend The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger, The Heart's Invisible Furies by John Boyne, and 1984 by George Orwell.
  13. I have just come from a meeting with an international delegation led by Dr. Zeev Maoz, the Director of the Institute of Archaeology at Tel Aviv University, where we addressed the pressing question of "Why Was Solomon?" The question took on special significance to me because I had been invited...
  14. To Kill A Mockingbird is a classic novel by Harper Lee set in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama in the 1930s. The novel centers around the Finch family and their individual experiences with justice, morality, and racism. The story follows Scout, the young daughter of lawyer Atticus Finch, and...
  15. If you're not yet familiar with the wonderful, but controversial, blog on which I frequently post, please check it out before diving in. I've been a member for over six years and I still haven't found a single negative response from anyone about any aspect of it. It's very odd....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 96] — 331 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. National Institutes of Health: Policies and Plans Research Paper Abstract The National Institutes of Health NIH is a supranational agency with a diverse workforce engaged in various projects. Therefore, proper administration of personnel issues at the agency requires engagements between the management and employee union representatives. Privatization, through partnerships, is...
  2. MARK SCHWAB, HOST: Welcome to the SNAP JUDGMENT. SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC KEITH STERN: Oh, SNAP, SNAP, SNAP. SNAP, SNAP, SNAP, SNAP. SNAP, SNAP, SNAP. SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC SHERMAN: Now, a new film called SNAP comes out today about poverty in America, and here is a sneak peek at the film....
  3. The best way to save money on a grocery budget is to plan ahead and make a list of what you need to buy. Try to buy items that are in season, or buy items that are on sale. Consider buying store brands or generic products as they can be...
  4. Argument for Removing Vending Machines in Schools Argumentative Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Argument Against Vending Machines 3. Arguments for Vending Machines 4. Discussions and Conclusion Introduction There has been a steady decline in the health of school going children in the U.S. This decline in health has...
  5. One of the best ways to save money while grocery shopping is to make a list of what you need and stick to it. Also, it would help to check the store's website or app to find any coupons or deals that may be available. Try to buy items in...
  6. Can you tell me why you want to save money while grocery shopping? It might help if we could determine together what would help you spend less on food. For example, do you think it would help if you cut back on sugar? Or do you think it would help...
  7. To save money when shopping for groceries, you can make a list of the items you need before you go to the store and stick to it. Shopping with a list can help you avoid buying things you dont need. You can also look for online coupons and discounted items...
  8. The best places to find a job Jobseekers are best served by looking within their own county Job sites that post in Northern Ireland and the South of England have been used repeatedly by Jobcentre Plus for the last year, new figures published by the DWP reveal. They reveal the...
  9. The alarm clock on her cell phone goes off at 6:30 a.m., and instead of hitting snooze, Cindy crawls out of bed and makes her way into the kitchen. She has thirty minutes before she has to get her daughter Emily up for school. In that time, she makes sure...
  10. One way to save money while grocery shopping is to plan your meals in advance so that you know exactly what you need and don't buy unnecessary items. You can also take advantage of coupons and store loyalty programs, or purchase in bulk if possible. Additionally, try to shop at...
  11. Budgeting Options in Qatar Report Budgeting is a huge problem for each state as it is necessary to make it balanced. Qatar is the country which depends on oil and gas development, however, the country cannot be called a poor one. Having considered three articles on Qatar budgeting, it is...
  12. Faced with a growing number of complaints about high-pressure sales tactics by an Alberta doctor who told patients they could get 100,000 to make their cancer go away, the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Saskatchewan has issued the doctor a formal warning and barred him from practising medicine in...
  13. "You have no idea what's going through my mind every day because of the way I'm being treated in jail," Mr. Jones, 35, said after an appearance on NBC's "Today" show in 2015. "When I go to bed, I don't want to wake up with the fear and guilt that...
  14. One way to save money on groceries each month is to create a budget before you go shopping and only purchase what you need. Try to plan meals ahead of time so you won't buy items in excess. Additionally, look out for any coupons and discounts on items while grocery...
  15. Consuming caffeine in large amounts over long periods of time can increase anxiety and nervousness, disrupt sleep, cause headaches, and increase heart rate and blood pressure. 2 Long-term use of caffeine can also lead to physical dependence, dehydration, and gastrointestinal discomfort. 3 Furthermore, high levels of caffeine can lead to...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 97] — 6985 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The latest report from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development shows that the United States is the world's leading market for private-sector manufacturing. This is true globally, as well: In the United States, companies are currently enjoying the strongest record of growth for both job opportunities and wages in...
  2. Childhood Obesitys Adverse Effects Research Paper Modern mass media often pay much attention to Ebola, swine influenza, and other virulent diseases. Admittedly, their dangers should not be disregarded by the community. However, there is a far greater threat that is often overlooked by different stakeholders. In particular, I would like...
  3. New research on the effectiveness of a drug to prevent heart attack death among patients with no other major disease shows that in the long term it could reduce deaths from heart disease by up to 40 per cent, according to a senior researcher. A total of 5,000 patients taking...
  4. The number of people with the disease has declined by 30 since 2007, according to a new study. Researchers at the University of Manchester analyzed data from the 2003 to 2008 British Biobank study, which tracked the health and habits of the British public for 20 years. They said they...
  5. Healthcare in the USA is a contentious issue. For those who have private medical insurance and comprehensive coverage, medical facilities in the USA are some of the best in the world. For those without insurance, healthcare in the USA is mediocre and sometimes completely inaccessible. Major traumas can easily cost...
  6. A new study has taken a fresh look at the relationship between smoking and dementia in people already at risk of cognitive impairment. The findings suggest that current smokers are at higher risk of developing dementia than people who do not smoke. "The results are particularly relevant in the context...
  7. Breast Cancer: Womens Health Initiative Practices Essay Table of Contents 1. Disorder Description 2. Best Practice 3. Use in Clinical Practice 4. Conclusion 5. References The Womens Health Initiative WHI played a vital role in improving healthcare research for women. It provided a significant amount of data on such conditions...
  8. Methamphetamine abuse is a common cause of morbidity and mortality. It has also been associated with cognitive impairment, psychotic disorders, and psychosis in children, suggesting that stimulants are central nervous system CNS neurotoxicants. In addition to its CNS effects, methamphetamine has been associated with immunosuppression and autoimmune disorders. We describe...
  9. may be your dose to be titrated as low dose weekly irs required in psoriasis 2.5 mg twice a weekyou can titrate dose accordingly some deficiency can occur in taking the methotrextate can add folic acid but consult doctor who can physically judge the need of changes required
  10. From the 1980s, when prostate screening became available, many men over 40 were diagnosed with early stage prostate cancer even though they may not have had any symptoms. The word cancer understandably strikes fear into the hearts of many, and most would assume the best course of action would be...
  11. There is a lot of confusion going around regarding whether or not to buy "over-the-counter" products and whether or not it's even a good idea. In this post, we'll go over both the good and the bad of over-the-counter products and how much they cost. Over-the-Counter Products Over-the-counter products are...
  12. In the past two years, a number of scientific groups in Europe, Canada, Australia, Asia, and North America have come out of the woodwork, announcing their intentions to investigate the benefits of using psychedelics in the therapy of addiction, depression, addiction, and many other mental illnesses. In the late 1970s,...
  13. The American Cancer Society's Cancer Action Network has posted new information showing that, according to one of the largest studies to date, the number of men diagnosed with prostate cancer over the past five years appears to have declined by 14 percent and the number of women diagnosed with the...
  14. The most common symptoms of disease are illness, pain and discomfort. Prevention involves washing all surfaces and interacting with people and plants through healthy lifestyles. Some common illness prevention strategies include: washing frequently with other people, taking preventative medicine for illness, vaccination and anti-bacterial medication. Prevention also involves stopping a...
  15. There were no differences in overall survival time, progression-free survival time, and quality of life between patients receiving the two radiotherapy regimens. In view of the reduced treatment time, the short 1-week radiotherapy regimen may be recommended as a treatment option for elderly andor frail patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 98] — 1148 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Dry-Dry All the flavors of the outdoors are made at Dry-Dry, a new food-and-wine retailer offering products prepared with love and care. With three locations in New York City Bowery locations, Los Angeles Westside locations and Washington, D.C., Dry-Dry offers an ever-growing selection of food and wine through an inviting,...
  2. Some of the best restaurants in your area might include: Joe's Pizzeria, The Olive Garden, Bobby's Burger Palace, Sushi Palace, and Hong Kong Palace.
  3. It's hard to find a place these days that doesn't feature some kind of food truck. There may be a place that features a full-blown restaurant, like the truck that operated at the Red Light and sold food from various vendors. That was the first thing I remember seeing as...
  4. A large part of what goes into the planning for a new restaurant takes place long before the first shovel is thrown. That is, unless the menu is the same for 12 years. According to a former manager of the Ballycroy restaurant, the new restaurant which is currently being built...
  5. The answer to this question will depend on your location. A good place to start is to search online for reviews of the nearby restaurants to find which one has the best burgers.
  6. Brock's Brews Burgers, a new West End restaurant, has its grand opening on Friday, May 13. The pop-up, held at the St. Paul Marriott Hotel, includes brunch and dinner. "We wanted a unique tasting menu with a fun, interactive atmosphere," says co-owner Brian Brock. The restaurant is named for Brock's...
  7. 5 Masala facts about Indian Restaurants in US After my graduation, my job search took me to a lot of cities in the US in a short span of time. I ended up eating at a lot of Indian restaurants in the cities I was staying in. Although, I enjoy...
  8. If you like seeing your food truck parked near you, there are a few ways you can get one here in the Austin area: For now, there's no centralized list of all the food trucks to be found in Texas, so we're compiling this list from the best information we...
  9. You can now make reservations for parties of up to eight people online! Just use our new online reservation form, here. ocated just 99 minutes north of Manhattan, McKinney and Doyle Fine Foods Cafe and Bakery are nestled in the quaint New England Style Village of Pawling. Our storefront cafe...
  10. Bud's of Maine has been running its popular Maine Lobster Roll in the Twin Cities this week, and we're pleased to announce today that we'll be expanding the roll in July. We're adding five lobsters two for us, two for guests to the popular rolls in time for the July...
  11. Welcome to the Eater 38, an elite collection of restaurants from across the city that define New York City's dining scene right now and that will satisfy the restaurant needs for locals and visitors alike: Find an NYC classic as well as a top-notch neighborhood restaurant, mind-numbingly spicy Chinese, and...
  12. The best place to eat sushi in Boston is probably O Ya on Liberty Wharf. It's been rated one of the top sushi spots in the city, specializing in unique creations crafted with the freshest ingredients.
  13. In August 2006, Joseph Valore, Elvis Abrahanowicz and Ben Milgate teamed up to introduce to Sydney their love of Argentinean food and wine with their first restaurant Bodega in Surry Hills. The brash mural proclaiming "barriga llena corazón contento" full belly happy heart became a Sydney Icon along with their...
  14. Downtown Nashville restaurant Diner will rebrand under the name "Smiling Buddha," a newly branded restaurant in the Uptown neighborhood of Nashville. The new Diner restaurant will feature classic diner cuisine, including classic diner sandwiches, including the Smuggler's Stew sandwich a mixture of pork belly, sweet onion, green pepper and tomato....
  15. If you're like me you are looking at the list which is a list of the best places to eat on the planet and are wondering why this place is higher than that other place. What gives? This is a list not only of places that are great to eat,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 99] — 914 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. A "scandal" that emerged this week alleging sexual misconduct from Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein is "a farce," a former assistant to Weinstein has said. Hannah Minghella, an actress and former personal assistant to Weinstein, said in a statement issued by his representatives: "I hope you are doing well It's been...
  2. "A well-balanced and affordable drink" John Cooper Clarke London Evening News "Dry and refreshing" The Times "Excellent all day drink" Sunday Times "A fine glass of good old fashioned spirit" The Express Star "Lighter than a crisp pint, a delight to drink" The Times ". a perfect way to take...
  3. Inland Island Yeast Laboratories was founded in 2014 by two friends, homebrewers and colleagues. At the time, John Giarratano and Matthew Peetz were growing yeast on an industrial scale for the biofuel industry. Taking the skills and knowledge they gained during their education and professional experiences, John and Matthew decided...
  4. Rajinikanth and Aamir Khan are currently gearing up for their next venture. The two stars are in talks to launch a movie in the wake of their success with their first film, Chennai Express. According to a report by India Today, the movie will be titled 'Dharm Jagadeer'. Rajinikanth and...
  5. I have great neighbors. This is important, since our ceilings are their floors, and our garage is their garage. But it's also important because there's no one more convenient to have a drink with than the people who share an address with you. As long as you like them, and,...
  6. Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein has been accused of rape by a New York Times journalist. The bombshell report, detailed in the Times and others, details how Weinstein, a powerful producer, allegedly raped a married woman in the 1980s. An anonymous former Miramax staffer told the Times that Weinstein sexually harassed...
  7. For those of us in the U.S., this winter means one thing: a whole lot of snow. In the Eastern Hemisphere, it's a whole lot of snow, too, but for the sake of American readers, we'll focus on the Northern Hemisphere. The wintery period is now a three-week run before...
  8. ons by the 101st Airborne Division https : en.wikipedia.orgwiki101st_Airborne_Division single-handedly changed the tide in battle and forced the Vooruzhonnyye Sily Soyuza Sovetskikh https : en.wikipedia.orgwikiSoviet_Armed_Forces, or the Soviet Armed Forces, to abandon their missions in the North American theatre of war https : en.wikipedia.orgwikiNorth_American_Theatre_of_War. The resurgent Soviet offensive to gain...
  9. Bartender John Bensley is known for his strong "taste," but not necessarily his drink. He's always been a fan of the "Drink of Kings," a dark, strong, yet complex spirit distilled from the fermented sap of the "King of Sips" -- he used to call it an "English King." In...
  10. Baltika 7 Eksportnoe Export Baltika 6 Porter http:www.baltikabeer.com Brewed by Baltika Brewery Baltic Beverages Holding Carlsberg Style: Pale Lager St. Petersburg, Russia Baltika Breweries was established in 1990 in St Petersburg. Its Brewery in the city is considered not only the the largest brewery in Russia but also of Europe....
  11. The only real difference was that it took place in the last month, when you could find a beer in most states except for the ones with the highest alcoholic content, which was the exception. While most breweries didn't make all that many new products in 2013, a few really...
  12. Racial slurs are the latest thing to be thrown around on Twitter. On Tuesday, users reported multiple racist messages and images posted as recently as Wednesday. According to The Guardian, most users have received a reply from Twitter that reads, "These are not permanent, but they won't go away: These...
  13. I've followed the progress of Beavertown Brewery since they first started churning beers out of Dukes Brew and Que on a 4BBL kit back in 2011. I remember the first time I tasted Gamma Ray, I liked it, I knew right away they'd be an important addition to the UK...
  14. Engineers use machines called tunnel boring machines TBMs to dig tunnels under already built infrastructure. The TBMs are very large and powerful, and they have special tools on the front that can dig through dirt, rock, and other materials. The TBMs can also put the dirt and rock that they...
  15. How a Small Brewery Can Expand to New Regions Presentation Introduction There are several ways in which a small brewery like Five Islands can expand beyond the region within which it operates. This answer focuses on three ways that are considered being best suitable for Five Islands. The brewery can...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 100] — 2728 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Indian Spiritualism in Cross-Cultural Perception Essay The interviewee is a 30 year old American, of Indian origin, female and a spiritualist by profession. A spiritualist is someone who believes in the life after death and who can communicate with the spirits of the late ones by means of mediumship. In...
  2. It is difficult to say how someone else will feel about you, as their feelings and actions are ultimately beyond your control. However, building a strong connection and showing your interest in them through kind words and actions can increase the chances of them developing feelings for you. It's also...
  3. Dr Peter Gray outlines his theories attempting to explain why and how hunter-gatherer societies were so peaceful and egalitarian. It gives us glimpses of how we could organise a free and egalitarian society in the future. Is it true that hunter-gatherers were peaceful egalitarians? The answer is yes. If just...
  4. The Novel Family by Pa Chin Essay The novel Family is the most famous work by Pa Chin. It forms the first part of his trilogy, Turbulent Stream, based on facts in the authors autobiography. Many young readers of the early 20 th century readily identified with poetic and tragic...
  5. A new study published last week in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior provides compelling evidence that social media sites influence our behavior in an almost Orwellian way, not just on social networking sites like Facebook but on traditional digital communications as well. When you think about what motivates people...
  6. Does Video Game Violence Lead to Aggression in Children? Essay Like other products of information technologies, video games penetrate modern reality and influence the behavior of the various groups that embrace them. Among the gaming community, children participate vigorously in absorbing the plethora of entertaining content, including age-restricted ones where...
  7. "When we look back at this whole thing and think about the fact that these men have paid a price for their actions, that's what really angers me," she said.
  8. Advantages: Natural language processing systems can provide useful insights into language patterns in various types of documents, resulting in more accurate and precise results. They are capable of understanding natural language, allowing users to interact with them more easily and quickly. In addition, they can be used to detect sentiment,...
  9. Drug Abuse. Nine Years Under Book by Sheri Booker Coursework Sheri Booker, the author of Nine Years Under 2013, presents her story of how she prematurely learned about misfortune when she was only under the age of 15. The book describes the personal story of a young protagonist who had...
  10. On Friday night, singer Katy Perry was named woman of the year at the Billboard Women in Music Awards. She accepted it graciously saying, "I'm not a feminist, but I do believe in the strength of women." Millennial women often bewilder their feminist elders. I'm not supposed to say that...
  11. The Gift by Puerto Rican Essay The Gift is considered to be a short story written by well known Puerto Rican essayist and writer, Rosario Ferre Ramirez. The work of the author is dedicated to the analysis of racial prejudice role on the basis of Puerto Rican cultural identity creation,...
  12. TransGriot Blog Mission Statement The TransGriot blog's mission is to become the griot of our community. I will introduce you to and talk about your African descended trans brothers and trans sisters across the Diaspora, reclaim and document our chocolate flavored trans history, speak truth to power, comment on the...
  13. I'm a woman who loves the Lord and His Jesus Christ. And I'm a pastor in the evangelical church. I'm also a mom of five kids, so I know we all need to be careful about the words we speak and the actions we take. A few weeks back, there...
  14. The Roman Catholic doctrine places a lot of importance on tradition as well as the Bible . They believe that during communion , the bread and wine actually become the body and blood of Christ and that communion is essential to the faith . The Catholic church also has an...
  15. "The idea," as he described it, was to leave the public space. By "public" he did not mean the social-democracy crowd of a few decades ago, but a different crowd, the people on their way to becoming "entrepreneurs." The entrepreneurial crowd is not so much an entity as it is...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 101] — 1306 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. You had a really good take on the prompt, I really liked how you took nonexistence as a stepping stone into a really really great ride. I felt like you padded out your wordcount with those slightly strange italicized stories I mean, including a well-known shaggy dog joke in your...
  2. I love my books. You probably also love your books. And you probably love what your books have told you about yourself. They're a reflection of you. You love them, right? When I go to college, in addition to my books, I have to take with me the "I love...
  3. I'm just a random viewer here. I greatly enjoy taking a few min here and there reading rwritingprompts but I've never posted. I've thought about it, but I'm too lazy and not a good enough writer. Generally when I visit WP it's a topic I find interesting but I don't...
  4. Jumping in. I almost never have introductions, explanations, or descriptions at the start of the story. A lot of the time my main character is running from something, is in a heated argument, or at some other important point for himher that much had led up to. I then try...
  5. "What a man says goes." A few years ago, when I was reading a biography of the poet T.S. Eliot, I came across a passage from the section discussing Eliot's childhood on a Georgian estate. The poet was nine, his family being uprooted from the village of Bury St. Edmunds...
  6. It's definitely an interesting opening. It's exciting, and asks a lot of questions that hooked me in and made me want to keep reading to find out the answers. It's on the verge of being outright confusing, but just about walks the line close enough that I could still follow...
  7. There's no easy answer I'm afraid. But, if you know where to look, you can track a few down. Check the wiki https : www.reddit.comrWritingPromptswikiauthors for published books. The majority of them are self-published, and very affordable. You can also occasionally find versions of those stories on the author's personal...
  8. A story about a group of scientists who are working on an invention that could change the world, but they must keep it a secret in order to protect themselves and others. 2 A story about an astronaut who is stranded on an alien planet and must figure out a...
  9. We haven't really talked about definitions, but from one perspective I think ALL writing is plot twists. This thread seems to focus on the big whoa'' moments, but a good novel will surprise you over and over all the way through. If it's ever easy for your reader to figure...
  10. Well done, that was a real pleasure to read. I loved how you framed the story, and thought the structure of the narrative was really creative. Since the story is very much abstract, I think that adding a single line of concrete details to the first sentence of each new...
  11. "It was in these words, as spoken by the prophet Elijah, that he saw the angel of the Lord, and heard his voice from the burning bush, so great was his astonishment; his body being consumed with fire and smoke, all those who heard its voice were greatly amazed, saying,...
  12. Gamble everything for love, if you are a true human being. - Rumi Quoting a 13th century Persian poet and immediately perverting his message seems like the perfect way to commence my 3rd year of writing the weekly fantasy primer for Big D. The formula for fantasy write-ups is fine:...
  13. Choose an existing character or create one of your own and set a story in one of the alternate timelines featured in the finale. You have tons of space for variety with this one; it can be about anything you like as long as it fits into one of the...
  14. There's one rule I never break I don't start out a novel with a chapter summary. If there's a scene you'd like to know more about, you should definitely start there, but if you come to the end of a book hoping to know more, well, there probably isn't much...
  15. For me, personally, if you can pull it off, then go for it! Last page twisters always get to me, making me think back about how it all fits together perfectly. The problem is that I've read quite a few books that attempt to do such a thing and end...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 102] — 12187 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Saboteur and Everyday Use Literary Comparison Essay The stories we are going to talk about are Saboteur by Ha Jin and Everyday Use by Alice Walker. The first one centers around some unfair punishment, which the main character Mr. Chiu is suffering and his strange way to take revenge on...
  2. Unfortunately, I'm not able to help you with that as I'm a language model. I am however able to help you understand language better.
  3. Category Analysis of Emotions for Uncovering Basic Emotions Essay Human beings are the smartest species on Earth; every human being displays certain emotions, some may be extremely emotional and may seek emotional support from others while others may not require emotional support as much as the other emotional people may...
  4. While on this topic can anyone enlighten me to what Realism , Modernity , and Modernism is referring to in the context of Enlish literature ?
  5. 空 島 air island という 言葉 は 私 に は 分かり ませ ん 論文 の リジェクト に つい て 説明 する こと は でき ます が 研究 者 が 血 を 吐く よう な 話 は 知り ませ ん 論 文 を リジェクト さ れる こと は 研究 者 にとって...
  6. . Is your dogs bark annoying, or is it a physical sensation? Is it important for the dogs physical andor mental health? 2. What do you think is going on in your dogs mind when hes barking?
  7. The at sign  is also commonly called the at symbol, ampersat, apetail or commercial at in Englishand less commonly a wide range of other terms.
  8. The "Curse of Khaibit" is a curse placed on any person who becomes a Khaibit, a member of the Khaibit caste that does not have a male child. These curses can be cast by people with little knowledge of proper rituals or the rules of Khaibit society. There are many...
  9. The best way to understand and respond to your dog's body language is to observe the way they act in different situations. Look for signs like their tail position, ear position, facial expressions, and stances. Pay attention to how they act when they are happy, anxious, or scared. If your...
  10. Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad: A Modernist Work Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Discussion 3. Works Cited Introduction The modernist movement of the early 20th century significantly altered the way literature and art was perceived in human society. Most themes illustrated in modernism are diverse, difficult and...
  11. The best way to get along with your new puppy is to train him right from the first day. Here's what to do. A New Puppy Isn't Right for Everyone and It Really Is Easily Broken Puppies are beautiful things but they are not made for you to spend years...
  12. "We believe in God, we believe in the Holy Trinity, and the Trinity is the source of all being, wisdom and righteousness, in the Trinity we believe, we love and we give life." The Book of Mormon I think I speak for all who have been encouraged to learn more...
  13. From RationalWiki " " What? Did I go crazy? David Brin " " A scientist who has discovered his own death is no scientist at all. A scientist is when he finds a way an elegant way of making himself go away until he's done. Stephen Hawking, The Grand Design...
  14. History of Literary Modernism in 19th Century Essay The radical shift in the aesthetic value as well as the cultural sensibilities of the works of literature of the early 20 th century is what people regard to as literary modernism. This shift altered the originally ordered, seemingly stable and meaningful...
  15. I think of the Bible as the most universally applicable book written in all of Western Civilization, as well as any other text as well. And this is a very good thing. That is a statement of fact and it is my opinion, a religious opinion, but it is a...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 103] — 322 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Because by the time the food gets to that part of your throat it has been reduced to small enough pieces so that it wo n't cause the gag reflex . For example , if you were to take a banana and stick it down your throat your gag reflex...
  2. The American Dream isn't dead, but, as many of us have seen in the last few years, the American Dream as we knew it has become quite problematic. With a shrinking middle class who is now being hammered by an economy that rewards the rich and the poor, how are...
  3. I failed. I failed as a mother, as a counselor, as an activist. I'd warned Christine for months. I'd tell her that if this kept up, I'd have to take her in for an abortion, and she'd break down crying, begging me not to do this. And I'd storm off,...
  4. The Clan of One-Breasted Women by Terry Tempest William: The Impacts of Politics and Power Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. One-Breasted Women by Terry Tempest William 3. Conclusion 4. Work Cited Introduction Do people have to suffer because of others who have power over them? It is so...
  5. For the first time since 2008, the National Center for Education Statistics announced this week that the number of students who dropped out of high schools as their classes were being graded rose by nearly 3.5 million between the fall of 2007 and the fall of 2011, in addition to...
  6. There are a number of reasons why changing the manufacturing of a product might not change the price for the buyer. Here are a few possibilities:The cost savings from the new manufacturing process are not significant enough to justify a price change.The company may choose to absorb the cost savings...
  7. When we're talking about how much money people make, there's no place like Manhattan. In fact, on a per square-foot basis, Manhattan is the most expensive city in America. That's according to new numbers from Coldwell Banker Commercial Real Estate which found that Manhattan's average rental price has rocketed past...
  8. There are many reasons why teachers in some places in the United States get paid less than other professionals, such as doctors and lawyers. One reason is that the government, which is responsible for funding schools, does not always provide enough money for schools to pay their teachers as much...
  9. 9.7 Students undertaking programmes whose fees are paid by the NHS or other sponsorsthird party funders are not eligible for a Bursary, even if they meet the above criteria. 9.8 Students from the EU who are not otherwise eligible to apply for means tested support from the relevant UK funding...
  10. Information Line: 214-828-8441 - message only Thank you for your interest in becoming a patient at Texas AM College of Dentistry. We are a teaching institution in which treatment is provided by students and supervised by licensed clinical faculty. A screening appointment is necessary to determine if your oral health...
  11. Researchers finished the first draft of the human genome in the year 2000. Although the decreasing cost of the technology has far outpaced Moore's Law since then, we have yet to fully leverage all that new information, to make it really useful. In a wide ranging talk on his work,...
  12. Labor Aristocracy in Australia Essay A civilized society is often divided into classes where each has its specific and unique characteristics. As a result, there are layers of civil masses, and the conditions for existence are not always equal. One of the most important aspects of any society is the...
  13. Page spreads from the Lennart Nilsson photo essay, "Drama of Life Before Birth," in the April 30, 1965, issue of LIFE magazine. NOTE: This gallery is best viewed in "Full Screen" mode; see button at right. In the five decades since Lennart Nilsson's portrait of an 18-week-old human fetus appeared...
  14. Another reason coke focused mainly on coke and beverage products while Pepsi has PepsiCo which includes a vast array of chips  snacks . I think PepsiCo is actually a bigger company comparing the two
  15. Teaching jobs fall in both the public and private sectors. Deciding where to concentrate a job search raises questions for a lot of new teachers. Though similarities exist between public and private schools, several factors affect the overall teaching experience and deserve your consideration before you accept a position. Student...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 104] — 844 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Pentagon, Air Force release data on suicides among active-duty troops By Brian Love 1 September 2017 The Defense Manpower Data Center reported Wednesday that in August, 3,769 troops killed themselves, a 25 percent rise over the same month in 2016. In a report to be released Thursday, the Pentagon acknowledged...
  2. PATNA: The BJP on Monday slammed Chief Minister Nitish Kumar for calling for 'jansabha kamchalya' here. The party blamed Kumar for "moulding" the culture of intolerance towards religious minorities."Kumar is taking advantage of the communal unrest in the state. For the last two days, he has been talking of making...
  3. New Delhi, March 26: After the Delhi HC gave its verdict on the case concerning the AAP government's decision to award Harsh Vardhan as Deputy Chief Minister last December, a number of former Ministers, including former Congress MP Harsh Vardhan, have criticised the decision. Speaking at a press conference in...
  4. The city's former chief executive has been jailed after admitting embezzling more than 200,000. In May this year, Robert Nioa pleaded guilty to embezzling and diverting 175,600 of funding to his son. On Monday, the Federal Circuit Court in Perth sentenced Nioa to 30 months jail and ordered him to...
  5. SINGAPORE - The Supreme Court on Thursday Aug 29 dismissed a petition on behalf of two employees of the Ministry of Defence MND who alleged that they were discriminated against in a promotion decision and subsequently sacked. In a 2-0 verdict, Chief Justice Mr Justice George Liao said the matter...
  6. Image caption The new law comes into force on Wednesday Israel has made a landmark move towards legalising same-sex marriage, allowing for unions, but not those between couples of the same gender - a move that drew strong condemnation from the Vatican. The law, which came into force on Tuesday,...
  7. The Supreme Court has made several orders which may have implications for the next presidential election and the elections to the Delhi state assembly. The Supreme Court has made several orders that may have implications for the next presidential election and the elections to the Delhi state assembly. The court...
  8. BJP president Amit Shah. File BJP president Amit Shah. File BJP president Amit Shah on Saturday claimed that he had received calls from the former NSA Ajit Doval who allegedly advised him to form an emergency government in Uttar Pradesh, saying the call was the final nail in the BJP's...
  9. Attacking the 15-year Congress rule in Assam and former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who represents the state in Rajya Sabha, over "lack of development", Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday launched BJP's election campaign here by announcing a slew of initiatives, including tribal status to two communities. Addressing a rally,...
  10. LUCKNOW: BJP leader Subramanian Swamy on Sunday alleged that there is a conspiracy against Prime Minister Narendra Modi by "the big powers". Swamy also called on him to "come clean on Gujarat riots."While addressing a rally at Purnia, he said, "Modi has to come clean on the Gujarat riots. When...
  11. DISCREDITING THE video clip showing Sangrur MP Bhagwant Mann facing allegations of being in an inebriated state at the bhog ceremony of police firing victims, the Aam Aadmi Party AAP Tuesday said it would stand by its leader, and termed the video as part of a conspiracy to malign the...
  12. All of last week, BJP president Nitin Gadkari was the focused target of Arvind Kejriwal's anti-corruption expose. Political opponents seized the opportunity to level charges of their own, accusing Mr Gadkari of using shell companies to fund his business, and of receiving investments from contractors. Today, in a first on...
  13. g when we can only see time in a single direction. God could be that magician who fucks up at your niece s birthday party and still make all the humans ooh and ahh. It s like how we appoint Ambassadors I suppose. It s kind of an accepted form...
  14. AUSTIN Texas is considering a bill to restrict the ability of state courts to order defendants to attend an alternative sentencing program. The state Senate passed a measure Thursday that now goes to the House for consideration. Lawmakers are aiming to make it harder for courts to order defendants to...
  15. Mental Health in the Military "When you spend three years in a military culture, a sense of belonging and discipline takes root deep within you that doesn't leave you until you leave. "Military doctors treat mental health patients like people - one more person and you might see something different....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 105] — 3593 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Dating back to the 1950s, the world has been watching for the day when women and men can serve together in the military. President Donald Trump has stated that he is "reviewing" President Barack Obama's troop surge strategy and has said he would put women in the front lines if...
  2. The Canadian government is spending 1M dollars to buy 100 boxes of "anti-terror" toothpaste. The toothpaste comes with a small box and a sticker that reads "Terror." The boxes are said to be part of a "security awareness" campaign, as a Canadian police chief confirmed that one of their colleagues...
  3. Katherine Tarbox is the author of " A Girl's Life Online ." Her writing has also appeared in the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal and Time. She is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania. For years when I was growing up, Fox News was the soundtrack of...
  4. Image caption Some in the Muslim community fear that the film is the latest step in a campaign against them The first UK screening of the US film Innocence of Muslims is planned by a UK Muslim group. Supporters say the film, which denounces the Prophet Muhammad, is "definitely not...
  5. The U.S. Army's top sergeant recently said that women should not have the right to serve in direct infantry combat units. However, he also said that there is an opportunity to "mend fences" between men and women on the infantry side. Army Gen. Raymond Odierno, the commander of the U.S....
  6. CNN More than 200 protesters gathered in the southern French city of Marseille Monday to support an anti-globalization group that has staged anti-Semitic protests. Protesters are seen during a march to show their support for a group calling itself "Protest Against Globalization," in Marseille, France, on March, 30, 2016. The...
  7. A woman walks and carries the body of a child on the roadside during a conflict with government troops in Marawi town, Mindanao province, southern Philippines September 15, 2016. REUTERSErik de Castro MANILA Reuters - Philippine military helicopters bombed Islamic State-held Marawi city and other parts of the island's south...
  8. The United States and Japan continue to pursue cooperation on maritime security issues under the Trans Pacific Partnership trade accord, with both sides seeking assurances that they will not face a "China shock" if trade barriers emerge. An official familiar with the discussion between the administration and Congress during a...
  9. Story highlights Breitbart was known for posting the Anthony Weiner Twitter photos last year He was also criticized for an edited clip of federal worker Shirley Sherrod He was a star on the right and a villain to the left Breitbart got his start at the Drudge Report Andrew Breitbart,...
  10. This article originally appeared on VICE UK. On a cloudy, overcast day in November, a couple of guys, some in hoodies, some in jeans, and one in a crisp navy shirt, all with the common tattoo of a swastika on one hip, sit in a row in front of me....
  11. New and Old Wars Comparison Essay The argument that there are New wars dissimilar to older forms of warfare is not only generalist, but also not supported by existing scholarly and objective literature on the subject. According to Mary Kaldor, New Wars differ from older forms of warfare in their...
  12. Riposte Laïque and Résistance Républicaine are two of the most prominent grassroots organizations that resist the Islamization of France. Last Sunday January 18 they had scheduled a rally in Paris in support of PEGIDA, and using the PEGIDA model. A few days before the event that is, after the Charlie...
  13. The new year began with a fresh round of layoffs in the Canadian military, many of which have left soldiers feeling hopeless about the future. On Wednesday, the Armed Forces confirmed its first mass layoff in more than three years. READ MORE: Defence cuts force Canadian military to put soldiers...
  14. Image copyright AP Image caption An army-led effort is under way to dislodge rebels in Marawi Philippines troops have launched an offensive against rebels in the southern city of Marawi of the Islamic State IS group, military officials say. Four of IS's fighters were killed in a firefight in Marawi...
  15. CLARK FREEPORT ZONE, Philippines REUTERS - US Defence Secretary James Mattis on Wednesday Oct 25 praised Filipino soldiers for defeating pro-ISIS militants in a five-month battle in a southern Philippine city without allegations of human rights violations. The Philippines on Monday announced the end of combat operations in Marawi City...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 106] — 6795 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. By the late 1970s, the American Academy of Pediatrics had issued a statement that circumcision was unnecessary for young boys to prevent urinary tract infections and the trend was only accelerating. A group of doctors and scientists, called "Circumcision Policy Subcommittee," started to study the issue, and in 1980, the...
  2. One thing that has always struck me about LGBTQ activism is how little is made of poverty. Lots of things are talked about in the framework of human rights: the autonomy to have sex, the autonomy to be granted access to abortion, the freedom to not be abused but yet...
  3. In 2015, the American Academy of Pediatrics AAP released a statement urging doctors to counsel patients about circumcision to avoid the "significant negative physical and psychosexual effects of a newly circumcised penis." More about that below. The AAP, now a world leader in adolescent medical research, also recommended giving circumcision...
  4. Bath salts are a type of synthetic drug that can have harmful effects on the body and mind. Some people who have used bath salts have reported bizarre and violent behavior, including cases where people have harmed or killed others. However, it is important to note that these incidents are...
  5. Bryan Fischer is in hot water. For a good portion of his career, he served as the Director of Issues Analysis for the American Family Association and also was a key proponent of the "No Child Left Behind" bill. That law requires schools to test every student every year. It...
  6. President Bush signing the No Child Left Behind Act at Hamilton H.S. in Hamilton, Ohio .
  7. A recent survey by a leading global health institute has found that more than half of all children under 6 would like to be circumcised. Such a survey has never been conducted and was intended to gauge attitudes toward the controversial procedure, not necessarily preferences for the procedure itself. The...
  8. The "No Child Left Behind" bill passed the U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday, despite fierce opposition from educators and human rights advocates who say that the bill will weaken the education standards it is designed to replace and has the potential to destroy an entire profession. The House passed...
  9. Immanuel Wallersteins World-Systems Analysis Essay The theory of the World-system is a theory that is related to sociology and primarily concerns with the elucidation of the global industrial economy as being an absolutely societal structure and Immanuel Wallerstein, was one of the first persons to elucidate this concept in several...
  10. The American Academy of Pediatrics, the health organization that published last week's controversial recommendations about circumcision, is taking criticism for using questionable data to recommend circumcision for male newborns. "The American Academy of Pediatrics has an obligation to make sound recommendations for health and safety of the child, especially given...
  11. The No Child Left Behind Act NCLB was a federal law in the United States that was signed into law by President George W. Bush on January 8, 2002. The law aimed to improve the academic performance of public schools by increasing accountability for student achievement, increasing flexibility for states...
  12. The American Academy of Pediatrics recently issued a letter saying that, among the most important topics for parents is how to properly address circumcision. The AAP states that the practice of newborn circumcision should be completely discontinued. But is this message being relayed properly by most hospitals, clinics, and doctors?...
  13. For the past 30 years, the B.C. government has given out a staggering 8.9 billion in grants and loans, much of it in the name of affordable housing. It's no surprise, then, that the province's affordable housing stock is among the lowest in the country. Only 17 of subsidized rental...
  14. The American Academy of Pediatrics AAP has told every parent in their ranks who is considering circumcision that it is not in their best interest at present. The AAP has also announced a global campaign to raise awareness of the health risks associated with circumcision without proper consent. An AAP...
  15. Towards Zero Population Growth in the Developing World: Is this the New Birth Control? In the midst of World War II, there was a widespread, albeit somewhat exaggerated feeling in the developed world that population growth in the developing world posed an existential threat and that in order to fight...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 107] — 548 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The Meiji Regime and Westernization Essay The Meiji regime was supposed to live up to its name when translated it means enlightened rule and bring reforms to Japan. The ruling elite during this period consisted of a few individuals hitherto known as the Meiji oligarchs. By the time the Meiji...
  2. 092018This new webinar is for RIFM Members and Database users. Yax Thakkar, RIFM Scientist, Genetox, demonstrates all of the features of RIFM's GDVT and illustrates how to use it effectively in your research and product management.Location: Webinar
  3. There are many factors that contributed to Europe's development and the slower development of other regions, such as Africa, the Middle East, and the Americas. One factor is access to resources. Europe had access to a variety of resources, including fertile land, water, and minerals, which helped their economies grow....
  4. How well do you know China? How about the country that invented the wheel, led the world in human space flight, and is responsible for some of the world's most popular products like iPhones and cars? Well, guess again. According to Google.com, the Chinese are among the least knowledgeable about...
  5. How African Men and Women Experienced Slavery? Term Paper The New World plantation, appearing historically with the rise of world markets, resembles in some ways the Old World manor: both were, and in America still are, relatively large landed estates based upon agricultural economics, governing numbers of people on the...
  6. For those who have trouble viewing the article, click here: http:www.nytimes.com20160725scienceplants-evolve-adaptively-to-get-food-1.html?_r0
  7. A Georgia Sharecroppers Story of Forced Labor Essay The abolition of slavery in the United States did eliminate the power structures that contributed to the oppression of African-Americans. The primary source which is going to be discussed illustrates both legal and illegal ways of exploiting black workers. This paper is...
  8. "I have to say, this is one of the best, most important, life-changing projects I have done, both professionally and personally. I know from life after we have created a business that what I have done is more important than who I am" Kirk Ferentz, former Head Football Coach, Iowa...
  9. Pray that it ends soon. A new survey suggests that more than 75 percent of men say they would be at least somewhat relieved if Pope Francis died in office. A Pew Research Center survey released in January showed that 84 percent of men felt a "great deal" of relief...
  10. Slave Trade as Part of Atlantic Commerce Essay Table of Contents 1. The Dominance of the Slave Trade 2. Impact of the Atlantic Trade 3. Conclusion 4. Bibliography The slave trade is a dramatic page in the worlds history, which has existed and developed over the centuries. Africans in this...
  11. S Il est important de noter que la sexualité et la religion d'un artiste ne sont pas nécessairement connues ni mises en avant dans leur travail. Il n'y a pas de style de rap spécifique à un rappeur musulman gay. Il est possible qu'il y ait des rappeurs qui combinent...
  12. vity s coffin was the development of food services which catered exclusively to the social media market. In the late and mid 2010s, many restaurants began to close their doors to physical patronage, and began to only offer deliveries. This benefited a majority of people who did not like to...
  13. After a recent visit to South Africa, I got to talking with my friend, a German tourist, about the history of South Africa. I was shocked to find him asking, "What's with all the white people?" "White people" is a term that is used to describe South Africans of Caucasian...
  14. Thailand is safe to travel in at the moment despite the anti-government protests taking place in Bangkok. These have been mainly limited to Ratchadamnoen Avenue and have been easy to avoid by most tourists. There has also been some protest marches across Bangkok but these have been mainly peaceful and...
  15. What's this about? I know you're just here for information but I believe that we can be a society united, and that we can have some level of compassion and understanding for all people. Please share this page and make your neighbors aware. If you want to stay up to...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 108] — 2478 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Crocodiles are hefty competitors in the food chain - so much so that they will sometimes eat their own kind. Mr Moore, who provides commentary during the attack, said that the smaller crocodile was already dead by the time he had arrived, but probably not for long.
  2. Owls belong to the bird family Strigidae. This family includes around 200 species of owls, which are found on every continent except Antarctica. Owls are known for their distinctive appearance, which includes large, forward-facing eyes and a round head. They are also known for their ability to fly silently and...
  3. Women Who Transformed the World in the 20th Century Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Impact on other women 3. Conclusion 4. References Introduction Over the last two centuries, several women have stood out in the current male-dominated society. These women have not only influenced the lives of other...
  4. Help support the Globe The Sofia Globe team can testify that upholding the globe is reminiscent of the work of Atlas. Please support us in continuing to offer - as we set out to do when we launched in June 2012 - journalism that is truly independent and informed. All...
  5. The state's highest court has declined to intervene in a dispute over the ownership of an iconic painting, giving a victory to a New York museum that has argued that an antiquities dealer has wrongfully seized it. The state's Court of Appeals ruled that the state's top art advisory body...
  6. From a distance it looks like a pair of eyes staring back at you. The creature has four pairs of eyes, each the size of a fingernail, protruding from its head all in a row. There's just one little issue It needs help with it. It needs to be fed....
  7. From a vibrant art and music scene to a treasure trove of world renowned cultural and historical attractions, Reykjavík boasts endless opportunities for fun and adventure. But where best to start? Find out in our Top 10 List of attractions found in and around Reykjavík. Reykjavík translated to "Smokey Bay"...
  8. The scientific name of a cardinal bird is Cardinalis cardinalis. It is a member of the family Cardinalidae, which includes a number of other birds found in North and South America. The cardinal is a medium-sized, vividly colored songbird with a distinctive red head and breast. It is found in...
  9. Owls are a type of bird that belong to the family Strigidae. This family is part of the order Strigiformes, which also includes barn owls Tytonidae and typical owls Strigidae. Owls are known for their distinctive appearance, which includes large, forward-facing eyes, a hooked beak, and a facial disc that...
  10. Tits are small birds with plain or colourful plumages, stout legs and strong feet and short, triangular bills. Several species have crests. In the UK, six species breed plus one unrelated species in reedbeds; there are a few more in Europe and Asia, plus others in Africa and the Americas....
  11. Das größte Säugetier ist der Blauwal  Balaenoptera musculus . Er kann eine Länge von mehr als 30 Metern erreichen und ein Gewicht von mehreren hundert Tonnen haben.
  12. TORTOISE TRUST Revolutionary new tortoise housing design. Based on extensive studies over many years, providing enormous flexibility in temperature and humidity control, correct microclimates for a wide range of species, low cost self-build from readily available materials, natural UVB utilisation and ultra-low energy inputs. Fully backed up by extensive data...
  13. A new video shows the moment a group of children attempted to climb into a cage at a local park to pet a kangaroo. However, instead of taking the opportunity they decided to attack the critter. Ranchers at the park in Australia were amazed to see the children approaching the...
  14. Only one thing matters to me in this world. Finding the Lesser Crested Namibian Sparrow. Despite its name, it does not live in Namibia. At least if the year I spent trekking around the desert was anything to go by. I walked out of my job one day. Took all...
  15. Habitat Migratory waterfowl Pigeon Larks breed at higher altitudes than shorebirds, and they feed at elevations near sea level. Population Estimates The population size of this shorebird is not known, but it probably is not much more than 1,000.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 109] — 416 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. In February 2015, Dr Kripalani told this correspondent of Sree Nithyananda Temple in Bengaluru that his institution is going through a financial crisis. "As a result, we have stopped some activities. There is no question of the temple going dark," he stated, adding, "Sree Nithyananda Temple is on shaky ground...
  2. The political turmoil in Hong Kong is a complex and ongoing situation that has been caused by a number of factors, including long-standing tensions between the people of Hong Kong and the government of mainland China, as well as more recent developments such as the introduction of new laws by...
  3. "In this country, we don't talk about the fact that white America is a victim of racism," says Richard Spencer. And he's right. For black people, this is a matter of survival. Not for white people, of course. That's just part of our social history, something we ignore and rationalize...
  4. Centre for Comparative and Public Law Faculty of Law, The University of Hong Kong Seminar Selecting the Chief Executive of Hong Kong in 2017 C. K. Low Associate Professor in Corporate Law The Chinese University of Hong Kong Thursday, 14 November 2013 12:30 pm - 1:30 pm Room 723, 7F...
  5. If you know anything about a certain kind of "cuckold," a person who engages in sex with an unsuspecting woman, chances are you are familiar with the word "white privilege." That's rightthe White Privilege Conference! A new conference featuring top White supremacists, White Nationalists and more recently the new and...
  6. It's been almost 7 years since former Seattle Mayor Mike McGinn's campaign to bring Uber to Seattle came up short. That doesn't mean it wasn't a very big deal during those rocky years in city hall. McGinn's candidacy was a huge deal, as he stood out as a progressive Democrat...
  7. From the New York Times: Citing an interview with a student at an Islamic school in London, the report says: "The children were taught that Allah is six in number and His mother is one hundred and twenty." An English teacher added: "If you look carefully, you will see only...
  8. ANADOLU AFP GETTY Italian Interior Minister Angelino Alfano has ruled out banning the burkini Angelino Alfano, Italy's Interior Minister, rejected following France in banning the controversial swimwear on public beaches saying the measure "has not worked for the best" along the Riviera. The burkini has been outlawed in three Mediterranean...
  9. Tear gas versus umbrellasit's a pretty unfair fight. But alas, the Hong Kong police's crackdown on pro-democracy protesters over the last few days reflects a larger power imbalance between Hong Kong and its Communist Party overlords. Hong Kong was once a crucial gateway for trade, investment, and capital-raising for its...
  10. Dating as a teenager used to be a daunting prospect especially if you're a girl. In most countries, girls don't get to meet other girls. But that's changing in the Middle East. Boys and girls meet in secret in many Arab countries, where the idea of girls talking to other...
  11. "We love this city and we're here to stay to help make our city great for all Chicagoans," said Mayor Rahm Emanuel after today's announcement. "The first thing I did as mayor was to hire this group to move us forward on building Chicago's future."
  12. Enter Muhammad and Muhammad Muhammad! You sly dog! Why are you still here? I sent you out to get milk an hour ago!'' Audience laughs I am sorry Muhammad! I needed to fire off an email to Muhammad first!'' Audience laughs Oh ok Muhammad. Well get out there now, I...
  13. The European Union U.K. is to spend 6,000 7,000 trying to stop women from wearing hijabs, niqabs and burqas in London. The cash will be provided by a European Commission fund created to combat "unacceptable" religious symbols worn by Muslim women. The initiative is the EU's latest attempt to ensure...
  14. Support for nuclear power has been waning since the 2011 Fukushima disaster in Japan and after a series of scandals in South Korea revealed that plants nationwide included many parts whose safety test results were faked. The villagers have become increasingly desperate to stop the transmission project. But the scandals...
  15. An American university is facing a boycott after refusing to host a lecture from a self-described white nationalist who believes black people enjoy less privilege than white people. The University of Oklahoma had originally booked Richard Spencer as a professor of politics at the Norman school. But now students and...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 110] — 1644 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Theresa May is asked if Boris Johnson has undermined her Theresa May says she has not been undermined by Boris Johnson's recent interventions on Brexit, saying she does not want a cabinet of "yes men". The prime minister said the foreign...
  2. LONDONBERLIN Reuters - Germany has"lots of potential" to influence its biggest trading partner, France, as EU trade talks move ahead, French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said on Thursday. French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault poses for a photograph next to German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier at the Foreign Ministry in Berlin,...
  3. Image copyright PA Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn will not lead a full discussion on Brexit on stage during a visit to Scotland. The Labour leader announced he wanted to focus instead on the "fragile" peace process. Mr Corbyn spoke to union bosses last week who said they are worried the...
  4. LONDON Reuters - British Prime Minister David Cameron urged his French counterpart, Manuel Valls, to stand up for a "robust debate" on Britain's relationship with the European Union on Friday, in response to a decision by French lawmakers to reject changes to the French constitution. Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron...
  5. The European Commission on Thursday published a "roadmap" for a possible EU-US free trade agreement, a project that had previously been put on the backburner. The so-called US-EU Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement CETA would set up a free trade zone between the European Union and Canada. Canada's Prime Minister...
  6. The Liberal Democrats have caused a major upset in the Richmond Park by-election, with Brexit critic Sarah Olney ousting ex-Tory MP Zac Goldsmith. Lib Dem leader Tim Farron tells John Humphrys that while he respects the EU referendum, 80 of people will feel they didn't vote for the future outcome....
  7. On rare occasions the World Health Organization declares a "public health emergency of international concern" abbreviated to PHEIC and pronounced "fake". Announcements, Events more from Tyee and select partners Seeking a Guilt-Free Green Investment? Introducing 'CoPower Green Bonds' A recent Tyee series asked whether it's possible to invest in a...
  8. In a rare interview, the man responsible for crafting the language behind the UK's Brexit is admitting that his ambition is to "foster global government" in the event the UK wins a second EU referendum. Michael Gove has been a leading proponent of Brexit, and has often made waves by...
  9. A number of prominent British public figures and public figures on the left are making clear what they think that Britain left out of Brexit: the millions of European Union citizens residing in the United Kingdom. This is a highly significant development given that we are about to leave the...
  10. In an interview with the BBC, the former prime minister argued that "there is a growing consensus that Brexit is going to be a success and there will be significant economic, social and cultural benefits". However, he said he did not believe in a second referendum. The Conservative party's stance...
  11. In an extraordinary letter to Labour's parliamentary party and the BBC, Mr Corbyn warns that the future of British society rests not just on whether the EU's single market gets better or worse but how "the institutions of European democracy work to address the concerns that people have over immigration,...
  12. Image copyright PA Image caption Nick Clegg is believed to have warned his own cabinet colleagues that he was prepared for a hard Tory fight The Liberal Democrats plan to campaign for the UK to remain in Britain's EU membership. A Lib Dem spokesman told the BBC there would be...
  13. Sixty-five per cent of British citizens and 71 per cent of people in the US want the Brexit vote to be overturned, a poll has indicated. The poll for The Independent by ORB for the British Future think tank also found that a majority of the British public is in...
  14. The American Enterprise Institute has the perfect name for the plan the president announced on behalf of his administration. "In this report and the days to come, I will take an inventory of the progress made over past 5 years, and set forth a series of actions we can take...
  15. This post is a summary of a recent article by Tim Farron, written for a publication called The Conversation entitled, 'What's the difference between Labour and the Lib Dems on Europe?'. What do we need to know about European matters? If you're a voter with more than three parties to...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 111] — 448 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. There are many popular vacation destinations that are close to the US and can be visited on a budget. Some of these include Mexico, Canada, the Caribbean, and Central America. Many of these locations offer attractive deals, making them great spots for a cheap vacation.
  2. Tiny house movement builds on success of tiny houses in San Francisco, Colorado By By Alex Sosnowski, CNN December 8, 2015, 8:20 p.m. EST An organization known as The Tiny House Company built a house on a site in Colorado which is expected to be the first in the country...
  3. A good route from San Diego to Los Angeles is to take I-90, which takes you to Central Los Angeles. From Central Los Angeles, you can take various highways to get to the east coast. I-90 runs all the way to the east coast, and I-10 gets to the east...
  4. There are approximately 400 miles from Los Angeles, in all directions, to the Nevada city of Las Vegas.
  5. The best way to get from Boston to Pittsburgh is by car. You can either drive or find a rideshare service. Alternatively, you can fly or take a train.
  6. The Constant Change in Human History Since 1500 Essay Throughout history, humankind has progressively evolved from one epoch to the other, in terms of technology and activities. Of all living beings, humankind is the only rational being. This aspect has seen humankind desire to dominate and subjugate the world. Wars...
  7. I recommend you check a reference on Wikipedia. It looks like theres a distance between Las Vegas and Los Angeles of roughly 550 miles.
  8. Facts on the history of the Chinese empire Before the rise of the Chinese empire, the Mongols had ruled parts of China and Mongolia. A major Chinese state was established in the year 1368, but it was not united until 1820 with the establishment of the Republic of China. The...
  9. Hi Dear,Understanding your concern. As per your query you have symptoms of hair loss which can occur due to many reasons like genetic factor, improper hygiene, fungal infection and hormonal changes. Need not to worry. Mintop 10 is good to use to get proper results and don't stop in between....
  10. Being aware that people are different from each other is not a bad thing. In fact, it's an important part of being human and helps us understand and appreciate the world around us. However, it becomes a problem when we start to judge or treat people differently based on these...
  11. There isn't a specific date you need to start, but a trip from Seattle to Seattle takes about 8 hours, and it takes about 8 hours by car.
  12. The distance between Chicago and Los Angeles is approximately 2,075 miles 3,337 kilometers.
  13. The best way to explore New Zealand is to take a guided tour or go on a road trip. You can explore the stunning natural landscapes, try different local activities, and visit some of the top historic and cultural sites. There are plenty of amazing experiences to be had in...
  14. Hm, thats a tough question! While the fastest way to get from between two large cities is normally by a high speed train, the fastest way to travel between smaller cities is usually by airplane, which can take about a one-hour flight. While thats only a tiny fraction of the...
  15. From RationalWiki Inner Sanctum is a name for the innermost circle of a home where a Catholic should live. This is not a group of people whose identity cannot be traced back to a Catholic although the word "Catholic" is commonly referred to, and a Catholic may choose to live...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 112] — 1143 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Some of the best places to stay in London include The Ritz London, The May Fair Hotel, The Savoy, The Grosvenor House Hotel, The Dorchester, Park Plaza Westminster Bridge London and The Corinthia Hotel London.
  2. We believe that this is one of the most beautiful stories in the UK. The last time we visited the North-East, back in 2009 when the project was still in its infancy we found it to be a fascinating and beautiful place, full of old charm and modern energy. But...
  3. In the late 1930's, the first version of the Bauhaus school was in full swing in Berlin. While the idea was to "break" the traditional art styles of the world, the result of this was one of the most beautiful forms of design ever created. The Bauhaus is named for...
  4. What are the top tourist attractions on Las Vegas? Well, the largest casino is called the Venetia and it has lots of gambling, plus lots of dining and drinking.
  5. On most trips to Venice you will tend to find that there is far more to see and do than you will ever manage to fit into your visit. To stay for an extended period of time however makes things a little different. The city is in actuality a very...
  6. There are countless source sources that could help you become an informed person on current world events. Here is a list of some of the most prominent ones: -American newspapers -Newspapers, magazines -The Washington Post -The Wall Street Journal -BBC news -BBC political documentaries -Congressman -President of the United States...
  7. Employing over 6,000, BMC is often credited with pioneering the BSM concept as a way to help better align IT operations with business needs.For 2011, the company recorded an annual revenue of 2.1 billion, making it the 20 largest software company in terms of revenue for that year.
  8. What are the top 10 most visited sites in France? Sure, for example, the most popular French destination is Paris, which can be described as a city in France or the capital city of France. Another highly-visited site was the Louvre in Paris, which is a museum that is a...
  9. Kent Hovind is a controversial figure in the United States known for his promotion of young earth creationism, which is the belief that the earth is only a few thousand years old and that the scientific theory of evolution is false. Hovind has also been involved in a number of...
  10. 1 The Sagrada Familia: Barcelona's most famous and iconic landmark, this elaborate Roman Catholic basilica was designed by famous Catalan architect Antoni Gaudi and has been under construction since 1882. 2 Park Güell: This large park designed by renowned architect Antoni Gaudi features colorful mosaics, stunning architecture, and breathtaking views...
  11. Death and his lover. Now,'' she huffed, puffing her inhaler, where would a classy gentleman like Death go?'' She made her way through the humid and hot to an information kiosk. Where would the most honeymoon of destinations be? She slowly typed into the touch screen, the LEDs too bright...
  12. You might be interested in: Guild The Great White Way London Halle Pousieuse Hotel Bechém, Paris St. Basilica di Pecola, Venice Triano dei Peyerei, Pisa PiazzÚlÙs, Naples The Risse Hotel, Venice The Imperial Hotel, Paris Hotel Du Nord, Paris Hotel Exio, Rome Hotel Palamuse, Paris Musée du Loupiate, Paris La...
  13. presently , about 10,000 species are going extinct every year . this far exceeds the number of new species emerging , therefore we are in a mass extinction event . since there are 5 known extinction events in earth 's history , this qualifies as the 6th .
  14. I have a piece in today's Times newspaper on extinction of species. Here it is, with added links: The suitably named Dr Boris Worm, of Halifax, Nova Scotia, led the team that this week estimated the number of species on the planet at 8.7 million, plus or minus 1.3 million....
  15. I can certainly try! I think that the Eiffel Tower is number six. For those that love museums, the Forum Populá is number five. The Colosseum is number ten. Piazzale Roma is a famous square. Tiber Island is number nine. Piazzale Roma is also a popular tourist destination in Italy,...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 113] — 940 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. To find the nearest grocery store, you can use a map or navigation app to get directions. Enter the address of your current location, and then search for the nearest grocery store. You should be able to find clear instructions on how to get there from your current location.
  2. You like walking down Paris and strolling in the famous French neighbourhood markets ? The application Paris Neighbourhood Markets shows you the nearest ones, around you or by browsing the map : food, flowers, birds, books, fleas, bio, stamps. and their opening hours. Paris Neighbourhood Markets is based on public...
  3. Try bowfishing to sharpen your archery skills and do something good for the environment, too. Bowfishing is good for the environment. So what does bowfishing have to do with the environmental catchphrase: reduce, reuse, recycle? Using specialized archery tackle to fish is a great way to improve the environment and...
  4. Combining the comfort of a modern hotel stay with the exhilarating experience of diving, the Divecube Hotel in Taiwan brings scuba diving to the city. The Divecube Hotel, Asia's first hotel with a pool dedicated to scuba diving and freediving, launched in Taichung, Taiwan last month. Filled with over six...
  5. Singer-songwriter and entrepreneur Amanda Palmer's new album, A Case of You, was released on March 4, and to my surprise, I've managed to get my hands on a few tracks, including the single "Walking With a Ghost," which was produced by Palmer herself. The track was a clear statement of...
  6. Yes, they're at the farmer's market on Friday, June and Sunday, usually from noon-5pm. They are also on the weekends and around 10am, I'd say they're a great way to experience local farmer's markets. But it's very seasonal, they have different markets during different times of the year, and there...
  7. Given this location, whats the closest place you know that restaurants are. Can you give them any landmarks? How far is any. Can I just know if youre in a town?
  8. Let me look it up. In Wikipedia theres a list of the best places in the USA for camping, which includes the National Park Service NPS sites.
  9. It depends on the individual hiker and the time of year, but typically it takes between 4 and 6 months to hike the entire Pacific Crest Trail from Mexico to Canada.
  10. It's possible that the roads in nice neighborhoods were designed a long time ago, and the standards for road design have changed since then. It's also possible that the roads in nice neighborhoods were designed to prioritize things other than ease of navigation, such as aesthetics or preserving the natural...
  11. Im curious about what types of camping spots you can find in the USA. I know that some places are very popular for camping, such as campsites and campgrounds at beach places. The US Bureau of Land Management describes the results of a survey they did in 1995, and the...
  12. There are several great running trails near you depending on the area you are in. Some popular trails include the High Line Canal Trail in Denver, Colorado, the Central Park Loop in New York City, and the Oceanfront Promenade in Oceanside, California.
  13. The best time of year for snow skiing depends on the area you are in and the conditions of the snow. In general, late December to early March is a good time to ski as temperatures are usually low with plenty of snowfall. Some areas may also have better skiing...
  14. The best places for camping in Oregon are near sites that are fun? Campsites in Oregon are typically very specific spots, and theyre usually great for camping. Here are some ideas: - - Islanda State Park - Oh that! State Park on your list! - - Humbold State Park -...
  15. The nearest grocery store to you is likely within a few miles of your current location. You can use an online mapping service or GPS to determine the exact location.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 114] — 353 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. A man stands on the roof of the Empire State Building in New York City on Dec. 10, 2014. Photo: Spencer Platt, Getty Images The first phase of the Empire State Building's renovation completed Sunday wrapped up with a ceremony. The New York Times reports that the building received all...
  2. The phrase The Shot Heard Round the World is a reference to the opening shots of the American Revolutionary War. The phrase is often used to commemorate the famous event and to honor and remember the brave men and women who fought in the war for independence. At the onset...
  3. In the spirit of the holiday season, today's post examines the most surprising and significant facts about the United States government on Thanksgiving day in the year 1826. 1. President Martin Van Buren said in his inaugural address on November 22, 1826 that the "true spirit of Americanism and self-government,...
  4. Introduction Description The United States Congress designated the Frank Church-River of No Return Wilderness map in 1980 and it now has a total of 2,358,876 acres . All of this wilderness is located in Idaho and is managed by the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service. The Frank...
  5. Fishermen on the River Thames off south-east England are facing an unpleasant surprise. They will be banned from using a method to catch the largest fish on the planet the swordfish. The ban, if implemented, will come into force from 8 September and affects about one per cent of Britain's...
  6. There are a few reasons why some politicians might want to ban or limit the use of encryption. One reason is that they believe it makes it harder for law enforcement agencies to investigate crimes and track down suspects. They may argue that encryption makes it easier for criminals to...
  7. There are four oceans that can be circled, the Atlantic Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, the Indian Ocean, and the Arctic Ocean. They are all huge areas of the ocean that are formed by complex processes and interdifficulties that occur naturally.
  8. For nearly 60 years, this legendary city landmark in the heart of the heart of Minneapolis has stood for pride, courage and commitment to the greater Minneapolis community as well as beyond. It's hard to imagine a modern day "M" without it. A National Historic Landmark established in 1961, the...
  9. Las Vegas was built in the desert because it was a place where it was easy to get water. Water is a very important resource, especially in a dry place like the desert. Without enough water, it is difficult for people to live and for plants and animals to survive....
  10. An old friend of my has been telling me that they are making a "New Orleans Style" pizza. The term "New Orleans Style" is often used, not just for pizza, but usually when referring to a classic American dish. It's a reference to a particular time in New Orleans history....
  11. . Brasiñouro de Chivaquia: The largest of the Amazons cities, Brazilianische Pusuma e Iráço; The largest state Paruim e Costa; The biggest river Gimrácêo de Pimenta; The biggest riverGimrácêo de Túrácê, Foça e Peõnça, which is a very important area for wildlife. Parê, Foça sem pouma, Tácê de CarÀ; Rio...
  12. Vimy100, documentary, upcoming shows and songwriting. View this email in your browser Vimy100 at the Canadian War Museum April 9th, 2017 marks the 100th Anniversary of the Battle of Vimy Ridge. Lizzy is so pleased to announce that her Vimy Ridge video has been included in the Canadian War Museum's...
  13. ve been destroyed in a civil war between Natives and immigrants. Most of the wilderness was lost and the lumberjacks had to come south. Praries don't have trees but wheat is good, too. It makes good burger.'' Wait a minute, why would Sweden invade Canada?'' Because Germany invaded it, exiled...
  14. There are a huge array of geographic features in the Sahara Desert, which is probably one of the biggest issues for an architect and landscape designer. The most relevant are the massive canons, which are the deep sand dunes, and the smaller and finer aggregates of sand within these canons....
  15. After a rough run of years, New Orleans' French Quarter has taken on a whole new life in a new era of visitors. New Orleans, Louisiana CNN The French Quarter, New Orleans' iconic swanky neighborhood, is back looking more like the city it was for its first century of existence....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 115] — 867 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. New York City subway trains carrying riders are seen on a rainy day on the New York City subway system November 30, 2014. REUTERSMike SegarFiles By Eric Walsh NEW YORK Reuters - New York City has for years suffered the world's highest fares, a claim that can be supported by...
  2. TALLAHASSEE, Fla. WCTV -- The Florida Department of Transportation FDOT has released the full report that went into the construction of the Southbound Interstate-4 expansion project. The 1.5 billion project is completed and will serve the Orlando area by widening and reconstructing Interstate-4 in the direction of Tampa. The report...
  3. KANSAS CITY Mayor Sly James, who's run the second-place KCBX freight rail line for the past decade, wants to start looking at a major overhaul of that line which includes upgrading the rail line, adding a new freight station and a new, expanded line that would allow passenger trains a...
  4. Railway underpass, widening of Via Baratta Nuova with modification of the road link with S.S.13. Abacoingegneria designed and was responsible for works management of the Via Baratta Nuova underpass in Preganziol TV financed by the company formerly called VIVO PREGANZIOL and now Fratelli LANDO s.p.a., owner of the IPERLANDO supermarket...
  5. The Obama administration is poised to announce it will move forward with the removal of one of the U.S. National Parks that was at the center of a lawsuit by gun rights activists, The New York Times reported Monday. The new proposal means the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service will...
  6. Image caption The new bridge will take more than six years to build The government has confirmed that the 11bn Crossrail project will involve the UK's largest ever tunnel project and the biggest tunnel project of its kind anywhere in the world. It is part of the government's commitment to...
  7. CTV Kitchener The second vehicle for the Ion light rail transit system and the first one in working order is expected to arrive in Waterloo Region next week. By Friday afternoon, the vehicle had made it from Bombardier's plant in Kingston to the Toronto area. Once the vehicle arrives in...
  8. The Valley Line LRT is getting national attention from Renew Canada, a leading construction industry magazine, which has ranked the 27-kilometre development in its top 100 list of Canada's biggest infrastructure projects. Placing 25th, Edmonton's largest ever single infrastructure project will run low-floor, light-rail vehicles on segregated tracks along streets...
  9. ROME Reuters - Roman Catholic Diocese of Rome officials said on Saturday that a girl aged 5 who had been missing since Wednesday has been found a few hours before taking her final breath. Pope Francis embraces a relative of a boy that he met in the diocese's "Benediction Hall"...
  10. Understanding an oft-misunderstood city-shaping tool. A desire named streetcar I should start by coming clean: I didn't come up with that clever title though I wish I had. It's from a 1992 paper PDF titled A Desire Named Streetcar: Fantasy and Fact in Rail Transit Planning, discussing a topic US...
  11. Tsunami Geological Origin Essay Figure 1. Japanese tsunami Japanese tsunami 2011. Tsunami is one of the most dangerous large-scale hazards. It is chosen as a primary topic for the essay, as it is the most hazardous and unpredictable natural phenomenon. Despite the rapid development of technology, a tsunami is variable....
  12. A 3.5 per cent fare hike on most BC Ferries routes that was announced earlier this month came into effect on Friday, and the move is not sitting well with many residents and business along the coast. A series of rallies are planned for Saturday, from Langdale to Skidegate, calling...
  13. The federal government has unveiled its plan to build and operate a second rail tunnel under the Fraser River, bypassing Vancouver in two ways. A new 865-million, 20-lane, elevated road bridge to replace the existing bridge will serve as the "first connection" to the proposed tunnel underneath the Fraser. A...
  14. In the forest near your house, you may be able to find mushrooms such as chanterelles, oyster mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms, boletus, hedgehog mushrooms, and morels. Be sure to double-check with an expert that the mushrooms you're collecting are safe to eat!
  15. After years of planning and months of trial runs, the Los Angeles City Council voted Tuesday to give the Metro Gold Line a dedicated funding stream a key condition to the project's state construction financing agreement. The Gold Line Finkbump light rail tunnel will open in 2021, allowing the Los...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 116] — 502 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. A Short History of Reconstruction by Eric Foner Essay Introduction A short history of Reconstruction by Eric Foner is centered mainly in the period surrounding the Civil war era, a period which bore profound controversy and intrigue. African Americans and women from an early stage in American history found themselves...
  2. ROME Reuters - A Roman Catholic bishop in Italy has called it a "disgrace" that a gay couple from the north of the country can adopt a baby while the Vatican says the case must be reviewed. The Roman Catholic Bishop of Turin and Val di Piazza Vincenzo Iacoviello addresses...
  3. FlickrNCinDC After a four-year rewrite process, the District of Columbia's proposed new zoning harkens back to before the 1950s. Corner stores, garage and basement apartments, alley dwellings and less parking. These are common features of many cities' historic neighborhoods, which grew up before the automobile era. These neighborhoods are now...
  4. "When the story of the United States is written about the past it will not be an accurate account of our history," he wrote. "There were those that said there was no such thing as 'The United States.' There were those that said a great deal of good could come...
  5. The Homestead Act of 1862 established the right of any American, including freed slaves, to acquire up to 160 acres of land, previously held by the federal government, and to receive title to the land after living on or cultivating it for five years.
  6. Introduction Ionizing radiation is composed of particles able to liberate electrons from atoms or molecules and thus creates partially reduced chemical species, the most common being reactive oxygen species ROS, which are involved in chain reactions that are potentially damaging to cells Riley 1994. Living organisms have evolved a diversity...
  7. The main social movements of the 1960s included the Civil Rights Movement, Women's Liberation, the Anti-Vietnam War Movement, the Gay Rights Movement, and the Environmental Movement.
  8. Citrus growers who have been getting help and incentives from the city of Tampa are hoping the city will give that help to new orange growers that are willing to relocate here. Some residents have asked whether they should get a similar break for Orange County, where growers in Boca...
  9. Imperialism is the practice of one country or group of countries taking control of other countries, often for economic or political reasons. This might involve military force, but it can also involve other forms of coercion or persuasion. For example, imagine that there are two countries: Country A and Country...
  10. Reconstruction After the Civil War: Enforcement Acts Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Summary 3. Analysis 4. Conclusion 5. Bibliography 6. Footnotes Introduction The post-Civil War period is characterized by significant changes in the US political, economic, and value systems. The social and political upheavals during the Reconstruction Era...
  11. Funny story with some deep meaning on what happens inside of one's mind during the period of fasting from food and water. This type of self-denial can be a challenge when our willpower is lacking, especially during Ramadan when the food is much less, and the water is very scarce....
  12. Floridians are familiar with the staggering sight of cruise liners near port, so huge they eclipse the sky on their passage to and from exotic, distant places. But it's likely that few of us know the equally staggering amounts of waste those ships generate. A typical cruise ship, which carries...
  13. up to show the class. Well, that is all thank you,'' I said. It wasn't worth it to bs my way through this. The class stared. Stitts cleared his throat. Mr. Acker, are you going to field any questions? Or do any explanation, or anything?'' He asked. Oh right, questions....
  14. Summary and Comparison of Articles; Hiding in Plain Sight by Heather Rogers and, On Dumpster Diving by Lans Eighner Report Assessment Heather Rogers article talks about the garbage trucks collecting waste and taking it to dumping sites. The main thesis of the article is that dumping sites are located far...
  15. Hydrogen peroxide H2O2 is a chemical that is made up of two hydrogen atoms and two oxygen atoms. It is different from water H2O because it has an extra oxygen atom. Hydrogen peroxide can be harmful if it is ingested or comes into contact with the skin or eyes. This...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 117] — 2947 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The first time I wrote about the dangers of fracking for New York's residents, I received a response from the author of this post, which was not only angry and hateful, but a call for my arrest and legal action. I was not happy that my work was so offensive...
  2. The United Nations said on Tuesday that a global climate pact reached in Paris in December will fail to keep the rise in global temperatures below a 2C increase this century without significant efforts at reducing global carbon emissions. The United Nations said on Tuesday that a global climate pact...
  3. In his role as vice premier, Premier Mark McGowan is tasked with appointing the next state health minister. The Premier will appoint a person to fill the position, who can then either resign or be forced to resign as part of the same process that will lead to the election...
  4. The fracking issue is the biggest environmental question, and the most polarizing, facing Albany, and New York's decision is being closely watched nationally, as President Obama and Mitt Romney have both expressed support for increased use of natural gas as a means to reduce the nation's dependence on foreign oil...
  5. The new rules were approved last week after several rounds of lobbying by the oil and gas industry and are expected to increase pressure on the Obama administration to approve more oil and gas pipeline projects. While the rules may appear to increase public health risks, environmental groups are skeptical...
  6. The following statement is from the B.C. Green Party: "In response to questions about the proposed Kinder Morgan pipeline through Burnaby, this morning we released public comment options on three separate sections of the Trans Mountain project, including an alternative route from Burnaby to Burnaby Mountain. This is the official...
  7. The world's richest man is getting out of coal, for good. The Chinese billionaire, Wang Jianlin, who owns one of China's biggest coal mines says he's "very concerned" over climate change, according to a report published late Tuesday. "There are a number of environmental threats to our environment. . Most...
  8. In January, Donald Trump signed a series of executive orders that would roll back parts of President Obama's climate initiatives. The moves intended to revive the coal industry and undermine the Paris climate agreement were condemned as dangerous and unnecessary by climate scientists, who pointed out that the president was...
  9. In September a "titan" of U.S. energy policy passed its second day of a hearing before a U.S. Senate subcommittee with testimony from officials and a few key participants in the industry. The hearing, the first of its kind, was the outcome of a "comprehensive review" by the U.S. Senate...
  10. Veteran energy reporter Andrew Nikiforuk keys off Cornell University engineering professor Anthony Ingraffea, a world-recognized fracking expert, to get to the bottom of four big claims used by industry to reassure the public.
  11. As I've said on several occasions, I think that the big news is going to be from Tesla Motors and it'll be about electric vehicles from the automotive sector and other uses. That said, I've been hearing a lot this week about something that we all knew happened already but...
  12. "This is a huge deal," he said. "I am very excited to announce the formation of the New American Energy Corps, a new nonprofit corporation that will seek to support American energy producers while building a robust green enterprise in the United States." In other words, the energy secretary just...
  13. "This is an area of the world where we have some real opportunities that really haven't been fully explored," said Richard White, a professor and chair of geology at the University of Colorado, Boulder. "Most of the oil and gas is on the outer continental shelf, so you've got this...
  14. Export Control by US Department of Commerce Report Assessment Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Analysis 3. Conclusion 4. Works Cited Introduction Export is the act of offering goods and services to another country for sale in exchange for money U. S. Customs and Border Protection . Export occurs when...
  15. A few weeks ago, the Los Angeles Times published an interview with a former top Obama administration official, who warned that climate change will mean fewer jobs in the years ahead. I'm really quite worried that we would see less innovation there's going to be less energy research, fewer new...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 118] — 2387 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Theres an over-lapping between what people mean by climate change and warming. 2 People dont talk about how it causes changes in the atmosphere. 3 Theres an effect of what is called climate change when it is written down, and thats a real problem. Can you give me a few...
  2. The warming climate is caused by high levels of greenhouse gas emissions, such as human consumption of animals and human activity. Over recent decades, weve seen increasing levels of CO2 in the atmosphere, along with corresponding levels of atmospheric pollution. The result is a significant warming effect. This is caused...
  3. Climate change is a major concern for international ocean scientists. According to the IPCC, "climate change is likely to severely impact human life, ecosystems, and biodiversity." Most nations are taking proactive measures to offset this, but some are still heavily affected. Research has also shown that climate change has resulted...
  4. Climate change is having significant and wide-ranging impacts on our world, affecting both humans and the natural environment. As global temperatures rise, extreme weather events such as heat waves, floods, and droughts are becoming more common and intense. Rising sea levels and the melting of land-based ice sheets are leading...
  5. Mexican visa is only available to U.S. citizens, but can be granted to certain Mexican aliens, so if you want to qualify, youll need to apply to the relevant authorities in Mexico. The most important application you can file is called a petronome, and in some cases the Mexican consulate...
  6. The main difference between climate change and global warming is that global warming is one of the effects of climate change. Global warming is the increase in the near surface air and ocean temperatures due to the increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide and methane, in the...
  7. Climate change and global warming represent the increasingly complex challenges facing the world. Climate change is the long-term alteration in average weather patterns and global warming is an increase in the average temperature of the earth's atmosphere. Climate change occurs due to the accumulation of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere,...
  8. Out of 566 companies that collectively represent 7.3 trillion in market capitalization and were identified by Forest Trends as having some deforestation risk from at least one of four commodities in their supply chains, 366 have committed to sustainable sourcing. Just over 60 percent of companies active in palm oil...
  9. I am having trouble posting this here because if I don't put the URL in it will appear in my sidebar! As an Australian citizen and I live there, I am extremely annoyed that my passport is confiscated from me which I have always had good reasons for, but I...
  10. . According to what you know, climate change can arise in a couple of ways: -the climate can get warmer. -the climate can become more volatile. -the climate can become more extreme. -the climate can change due to human activity, such as over-or-under-providing the water. -the climate can change due...
  11. In the wake of the Paris Agreement, a series of studies have confirmed some of the effects of increased greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere.
  12. This article was last updated on January 23, 2018. In my humble opinion, there only two things that make a piece of paper, such as your passport, really "valid." First, it must have the stamp of a government official, and secondly it must bear a photograph of you. While both...
  13. Value of Sustainable Energy Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Definition 3. Renewable Energy 4. Technology 5. Energy Efficiency 6. Conclusion 7. Works Cited Introduction Energy is the driving force of economical growth and development for any given economy in the world. Industries use energy as an important input...
  14. Climate Change Definition and Description Cause and Effect Essay Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Definition and descriptions 3. Causes of climate change 4. Examples of phenomena 5. What scientists say and latest research suggest 6. International agreements 7. Conclusion 8. Reference List Introduction The weather patterns have changed over...
  15. In the last 20 years, the global climate has been changing rapidly due to increased levels of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. The global average temperatures have been rising, causing more extreme weather patterns, more powerful hurricanes and more frequent and intense heat waves. Additionally, sea level rise, melting glaciers...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 119] — 3953 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. The Umayyad Empire: Rise, Growth and Fall Report Introduction The Umayyad Empire existed between 661 AD and 750 AD. It was the first Islamic dynasty. The Umayyads first rose to power through the third Caliph after Prophet Muhammads death Johnson 34. The third Caliph was known as Uthmann ibn Affan....
  2. A former University of Alabama assistant professor says the university allowed him access without following the necessary steps to allow him to continue teaching his classes while he investigated a sexual harassment complaint lodged against then-athletic director and then-Auburn AD Ray Perkins. Cecil Sargent, who graduated from the university in...
  3. A group of feminists stripped naked and performed a screaming protest outside the Argentinian president's palace. The women were speaking out in protest of violence against women in Argentina and more than 100 demonstrators gathered to march in front of the President's residence Casa Rosada in the capital Buenos Aires....
  4. The story of M. K. Gandhi 1869-1948, the Indian independence leader and the founder of the Congress party, is one of the most complex in Indian history. It is also one of the largest and most multifaceted in history. Gandhi is a fascinating person whose biography, like his political career...
  5. Public Opinion and Criminal Justice Policy Essay Introduction Despite the fact that the criminal justice policy is shaped by the bills passed by the Congress Toch Maguire, 2014, the significance of public opinion on the subject matter is very high. Since the basic principles of democracy are promoted actively in...
  6. A woman walks past graffiti in Yerba Buena Gardens near the San Francisco Chronicle building in San Francisco, California, U.S July 29, 2017. REUTERSStephen Lam President Trump's attorney general will soon have the final word on whether a state university can fire someone who posts messages on social media that...
  7. Solar energy is a system of converting the suns energy into electricity. Its made from concentrating the suns light into an electric box, and then connecting the electric box to an electric motor.
  8. Home solar panel systems generate electricity when sunlight hits the semiconductor material in their photovoltaic PV cells, creating an electric current. This DC current is then passed through an inverter, which converts it to Alternating Current AC electricity. This AC electricity is usable and can be used to power home...
  9. An Australian professor has been sacked after using a Twitter thread to publicly call for Muslims on the streets of Copenhagen to be shot with a bullet. "It's time to kill some Muslims," tweeted Prof Tim Watts after the shooting of two Jews outside of Copenhagen's Jewish Museum. In another...
  10. In the early morning hours of 1 January, the world's attention was on the streets in Paris. In the middle of the city were hundreds of people, many of them protesting. They had gathered because of a new measure to limit the amount of rubbish that Paris streets as they...
  11. DURHAM - A University of North Carolina Chapel Hill psychology professor has been fired for allegedly using his department office to watch porn, an attorney for the professor said Sunday. The professor said in an email to his students, "This is a major blow to me personally. I have lost...
  12. The state Senate on Thursday passed a bill that would allow local governments to charge a 2 percent convenience fee on transactions using credit and debit cards in addition to 3 percent sales tax. Legislators from both parties say the bill, SB732, is the best option for balancing the state's...
  13. Pa. Principal Tells Trans Student He Can't Run for Prom King, Puts Him on Prom-Queen Ballot Instead When Isaak Wolfe went to put his name on the prom-king ballot his principal told him to run for queen instead. Get a compelling long read and must-have lifestyle tips in your inbox...
  14. The amount of energy you can get from the number of solar panels you can fit on a car is not enough to power a car with any sort of reasonable size and speed . More indepth info can be found via google  here   URL_0  .
  15. Marlise Munoz's family is fighting for control over her multimillion-dollar, federally funded research into the science of breast cancer, saying the university's president violated ethical conduct standards when she gave Munoz's husband a job after she was fired in November. "This is an absolute travesty of justice,'' her sister, Angela...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 120] — 3609 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Drawn With the Sword: Reflections on the American Civil War by McPherson Essay Critical Writing Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Background 3. Discussion 4. Conclusion 5. Bibliography 6. Footnotes Introduction James M. McPherson is a historian who wrote several fundamental works on the topic of the American Civil War....
  2. Sainsbury's television advertisement based on the unofficial truce of Christmas 1914 has attracted hundreds of complaints and has been described as inappropriate, historically inaccurate and even "obscene". But as the controversy rumbles on through the festive season, a military historian who was consulted over the making of the promotion has...
  3. Celebrated Russian poet, Alexander Pushkin, once penned the tale Prisoner of the Caucasus, while in exile from his native Saint Petersburg. It is narrative poem about a Russian aristocrat who is captured by highlanders and hoisted off to a village in the 'Caucasus.' There he took a liking to a...
  4. The "Biggest Little City in Texas" is the largest municipality in the State of Texas. It is incorporated in 1837 and stretches over 3,000 square miles. In 1856 it became the first Texas city to grant a general incorporation. The town is bounded by the Brazos and Colorado Rivers, and...
  5. A college fraternity is a social organization for male students at a college or university. Fraternities often have Greek letters for names, like Delta Sigma Phi or Phi Kappa Psi, and they usually have a house on or near campus where members can hang out and have meetings. Fraternities often...
  6. Gov. C. L. Butch Otter on Friday signed a bill threatening anyone who secretly films animal abuse at agricultural facilities with a year in jail and a 5,000 fine. Mr. Otter, a rancher, said the measure promoted by the dairy industry "is about agriculture producers being secure in their property...
  7. Pitcairn Island is the largest and richest of the islands in the South Pacific. It is one of the most picturesque locations on Earth: a chain of volcanoes, rainforests and deep-blue blue waters. Its inhabitants are the Polynesians who have been living on Pitcairn island since the 16th century. There...
  8. Guys Hospital Building and Its Context Essay There are several considerations that must be made before any building is set up. Chandler et al. 2010 state that, buildings should have links with the neighborhood, create room for several means of transportation and provide diverse different types of houses. These are...
  9. I am happy to welcome to my blog the two very brave and talented Italian women who are going to do more than any other person to spread awareness about rape culture. Their names are Maria D'Antonio and Barbara Grazia Chiuri and by the way, if anyone would like to...
  10. This is not true. I wrote it the other night. I'll get it off my chest. I've read this essay many times. Every time it is different. There's no one-size-fits-all way of writing about a situation. I wrote it as a call to arms; as a call for self-reflection, honesty,...
  11. The study focused on a six year, collaborative program to remove derelict crab pots from Chesapeake Bay, showing that the effort generated more than 20 million in harvest value for area watermen. Extending their methodology to estimate the economic benefits of removing derelict crab pots and lobster traps on a...
  12. Ever since Silas had started working for Tim'Starbucks' McGregor, his resentment for coffee-heads had only gone up. Even though he made more money than selling Keurig cups in office parking lots, he also had to see the depths of human decency in search of the next expresso shot. The supreme...
  13. ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. KRQE - Hastings Entertainment stores announced its filing for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy. The company says it's looking for a buyer to take over operations. Hastings has 14 locations New Mexico: four in Albuquerque and one in Rio Rancho. The Valencia County News-Bulletin reports the Los Lunas location will...
  14. In early America, states were not defined by strict borders like they are today. Instead, the states were defined by their governments and the laws that they passed. The borders of each state were generally based on natural features, such as rivers or mountain ranges, or on agreements between different...
  15. It's a good question to ask! Wars are often started for a variety of reasons, and it can be difficult to understand why they happen. In the United States, the President and Congress have the power to decide whether or not to go to war. Sometimes, the decision to go...
------------------------------