Run 4 
Parametri: {'min_cluster_size': 1500, 'min_samples': 150}
DBCV Score: 0.6320 | Cluster: 8 | Noise: 2.09%
==================================================

[CLUSTER 0] — 27724 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. It was not supposed to happen this way. A young, talented left-handed bullpen bat would be able to help turn around a franchise, and it was supposed to happen in Toronto. "I think it's the worst timing ever," R.A. Dickey said at the time of signing Matt Stairs to a...
  2. The world's best young baseball players continue to come into Europe. The European Baseball Organization's EBO 19-year-old Golden Era has seen the arrival and disappearance of some of the future talent of the game from around the world. The last time we wrote about an EBO player was in July,...
  3. In his first full year at the helm of the Los Angeles Dodgers, general manager Ned Colletti has made it clear that his top offseason priority is adding top-tier talent. The Dodgers have had a very active trade market for months, and they have landed some good pieces and made...
  4. If it's up to Miguel Cabrera, he's headed back across the diamond. Cabrera, the Detroit Tigers star who has won the last two American League MVPs, told Venezuela's Cnn Sports he'd like to play first base again. "I already told the Tigers," he said. Detroit has a vacancy at first...
  5. FORT MYERS Red Sox pitching prospect Steven Wright, who was placed on the 15-day disabled list Monday, is back at his locker. But in a new jersey, with a red Sox pin that has been removed. Wright, who suffered a fractured left fibula Friday while playing for Double-A Portland, was...
  6. CINCINNATI -- The Reds entered Thursday after one of their worst start to a season in more than 25 years, losing nine of their first 11 games and finishing the summer with an 0-6 record to start the season. So manager Bryan Price asked manager Dusty Baker, his right-hand guy,...
  7. The idea is simple: Take a picture of the top 10 players on each roster in the NBA before the season begins, which allows you to see their relative standing. We took a similar approach here at FiveThirtyEight in August, but we went further: We also created a graphic that...
  8. Last Updated On: May 12, 2017 With the 2016 campaign already wrapping up, it's time to look ahead to the 2017 season. In a season marked by a lot of upsets, wild card contenders, and even some surprise playoff teams, some of the top storylines of the 2017 season have...
  9. There is much to love about the Chicago Cubs right now. A win over the Arizona Diamondbacks gives the Cubs the best record in the National League. The Chicago Cubs have won the last five NL Central division titles, including this year's with a 95-68 record. Chicago's lead in the...
  10. TODAY: The Dodgers have announced that they've designated lefty Jeff Locke for assignment. YESTERDAY: The Dodgers and outfielder Jeff Locke are negotiating an outright release, according to multiple reports. The contract would also allow the 40-year-old native of San Diego to pursue other opportunities if the Dodgers cannot sign him...
  11. Real live baseball is here. Spring training games are starting this week throughout camp in Florida and Arizona. That means manager and GMs are evaluating their lineups and rotations, which players will fill the final spots on the 25-man roster and which players need more seasoning in the minors. In...
  12. BALTIMORE -- The Orioles made one big addition to their rotation during spring training. With the signing of right-hander Danny Farquhar, the Orioles added one of the top high school arms available in the draft, according to baseball sources. This could be a major coup for the Orioles. Danny Farquhar,...
  13. For the fifth year in a row, the PBA has unveiled a list of 25 under-the-radar players that could be the next stars of the game. While most of the names you'd expect are on it, one player stood out above all the others. For the fifth straight year, the...
  14. The New York Mets have had an active offseason so far, but they still have plenty to do. The 2017 season will be the first time the Mets have made a major roster move since the end of the 2015 season. The club has spent time adding a large amount...
  15. FORT MYERS, Florida -- The Red Sox have signed pitcher Jon Lester to a seven-year, 184MM contract, in addition to paying him 18 million for the final two seasons. The deal also includes performance bonuses of 3 million for the 2017 season and 10 million for the 2019 with a...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 1] — 9408 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Late Saturday afternoon, after Marlboro Man had returned home with the soccer-playing girls, and I had returned home with the soccer-playing boys, and after our three bottle calves were given their bottles and I washed the last dirty dish in the mountain of dishes I'd left piled in the sink...
  2. I am an old lady at heart and I love making these lovely cookies. They are made with simple ingredients i.e. flour, sugarconfectioners' sugar, butter and eggs. These cookies have a subtle sweetness they are very dense which I think is due to the fact that there is so little...
  3. The main difference between a soup and a stew is that soup is generally a thin combination of ingredients cooked in liquid, while a stew is a thicker combination of ingredients cooked in liquid, usually for a longer period of time. Soups can also be served cold, while stews are...
  4. Steaming is one of the three main cooking techniques used in Chinese cuisine. Here are a collection of recipes where the food is cooked by steaming, from the Chinese Food Recipe File. Appetizers and Dim Sum Snacks:
  5. I'm going to tell you a joke. Now stop laughing. You're going to regret it. It's about "muffins" making headlines this week. Apparently, President Barack Obama just made a proclamation declaring "National Muffins Day." It's the perfect name for that day: it describes the mincemeat-like treats as "little flour tortillas"...
  6. Bacon-Wrapped Jalapeño Poppers This addictive finger food is a perfect marriage of textures and flavors: creamy, chive-flecked cheese cuts the bite of roasted jalapeños, while crispy bacon adds crunch. makes 40 Poppers Arrange an oven rack 4 from broiler and heat broiler to high. Place jalapeño halves cut side down...
  7. Emulsified sauces are a type of sauce that is made by mixing a fluid with a surface that prevents the formation of a coating. The example of the sauce of Poisci is a combination of tomato and lemon juice. Vinaigrettes are a type of sauce that contains a fluid and...
  8. You will need the following ingredients to make banana bread: bananas, flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, salt, butter, and eggs.
  9. I like to get all kinds of things to add to my coffee. From dried mushrooms, mushrooms for cooking, a bit of hot peppers, an entire pack of coffee beans. I've been meaning to try the mushroom mousse recipe for a few months now. I've done everything from use the...
  10. This is a quick and easy recipe for a simple sweet potato pancake with a sweet and crispy coconut flavor. It's simple, healthy, and tasty. The perfect breakfast! These pancakes are easy to make and I've created a quick and simple recipe for them with coconut, honey, and spices. One...
  11. This is the most basic of all the versions of a sandwich. It consists of two slices of bread usually white or whole rye; a half-inch sandwich of the meat, lettuce, tomato, mayonnaise, ketchup, mustard, pickle or jalapeno mayonnaise, cheese that you like, maybe a spoonful of mustard, a pinch...
  12. I have made a few banana breads lately and they were all leading up to this one. A while ago I came across the concept of using curried flavoured chocolate chips in a banana bread which sounded really good. I was not able to find any curried flavoured chocolate chips...
  13. By: EatingWell User Super nice. Super good as usual. Serves well as a side dish as long as you don't eat it all. The flavors were good and the texture was good. I will make this again, but can't imagine what else is added. I will try this again to...
  14. 1st: I had no idea there was a real name for this kind of cheese. I've never actually seen it on a sandwich or anywhere else until I read about this brand and this recipe here on the blog. So this was a totally fun discovery. This may be the...
  15. 1. Chocolate Banana Muffins: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large bowl, combine 1 ½ cups all-purpose flour, ½ cup cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, and ¼ teaspoon salt. In a separate bowl, beat together one mashed banana, ½ cup melted butter, 1 egg, ¾ cup sugar, and...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 2] — 1727 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Some types of indoor house plants that don't need a lot of sunlight include snake plants, pothos, spider plants, philodendrons, peace lilies, calatheas, and ferns.
  2. Well, you can check its growth and flowering rates, but a plants growth rates also depend on the weather conditions, and also the plants age and environmental conditions, so it can be hard to estimate how much sunshine the plant needs, or whether it should be moving at more light...
  3. If youre referring to the houseplant as a decorative plant, they can take up to 5 years to grow.
  4. There are three main types of soil: sand, silt, and clay. Sand has the largest particles and clay the smallest, with silt falling in the middle. These different particle sizes are the result of how each type of soil is formed. Sand is mostly the result of rocks and minerals...
  5. The best houseplants for low light conditions are Pothos, Cast-iron Plant, Peace Lily, Philodendron, Parlor Palm, English Ivy, and Spider Plant.
  6. My recommendation is an aloe vera plant. It is a low maintenance houseplant that thrives in many types of home decor. It is easy to take care of and requires minimal sunlight and water. It also has many health and beauty benefits.
  7. One of the best resources for learning about different plants and how to care for them is to consult with a local nursery. They will be able to provide you with information about the types of plants that are best suited for your location and the required care for each...
  8. Some good plants for a small apartment space are: peace lily, pothos, snake plant, aloe vera, jade plant, spider plant, and rubber plant.
  9. How about some indoor plants? Is that helpful?
  10. Well, my answer to that is a variety of plants. Here are some popular choices: -Potted plants -Indian? -Potted flowers -Tiled plants -Plotted furniture How is that? Are there some specific ideas?
  11. Some plants that can thrive in low light environments include spider plants, peace lilies, snake plants, golden pothos, jade plants, cast iron plants, and chinese evergreen.
  12. A succulent needs indirect, bright light and should not be exposed to full sunlight.
  13. You want to learn about how to plant these plants? The plant species you want to grow are all part of a plant family. Some plants are in the same family as others.
  14. Lets see, it looks like the plants leaves are very healthy, since they are not being eaten by insects. There are some varieties of pot plants that are not particularly healthy, but are still rather safe to eat. Since we want to avoid eating the roots anyway, we probably wouldnt...
  15. Well, some things to remember are water and sunlight, which are two. If thats not enough, we probably need to use an orchid growth light, which we could handle pretty well at a pet store.
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 3] — 2798 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Tokyo has once again become the center of a world-wobbling virtual financial crisis. Let me emphasize the word virtual. That's because the world's best-known and perhaps largest exchange of the virtual currency known as bitcoin Mt. Gox, located in Tokyo's Shibuya district appeared to have all but collapsed last week....
  2. There are many reasons for the success of the Bitcoin currency. The first of which is that it's extremely difficult to track exactly what is being bought and sold, what the exchange rate is between two currencies and in Bitcoin, you don't even have to worry about that! The anonymity...
  3. Filed under Cryptocurrency, Crypto 2.0 There's been a lot written about the growing blockchain popularity in recent years. While there has always been a vocal minority who seek to destroy Bitcoin and other Crypto 2.0 protocols, it appears that a more mainstream attitude is slowly changing. It's only natural, then,...
  4. Blockchain is a cryptographic technology, created in 2015, that offers an alternative to bitcoin. It is a blockchain-based system that stores transactions on "the blockchain," in a chronological process. I want to know more about blockchain, you can get some here: https:en.wikipedia.orgwikiblockchain_technology.s
  5. As someone who's been writing about bitcoin for over two years, I've had ample opportunity to witness a number of major technical changes. While there are so many to choose from, I chose to highlight one in particular: the introduction of Segwit2x, which has a lot of the same issues...
  6. Fellow Binancians, Binance will soon implement the new token sale schedule which is as follows: ICO Begins: 1st October, 2017 10:00 AM UTC ICO Ends: 9th November, 2017 2:00 PM UTC Token Sale End 5 bonus: 31st December 11:59 PM UTC There could be some delay for the token refund....
  7. A little over a month ago, Toshiaki Fukuda took over as the head of the company that he founded back in 1982. Fukuda-san's tenure as CEO comes at a time when bitcoin is becoming more visible in the mainstream. In recent months, there have been news reports about bitcoin's increasing...
  8. Fellow Binancians, GDAX is now trading BNT on Binance. GDAX uses the following terms and symbols: BNT Binance Coin GDAX Coin GDAX Coin GDAX GBTC Digital Asset Ticker GDAX GNT Digital Asset Toilette Please note that GDAX Coin is listed on this platform only in limited trading volumes. GDAX is...
  9. The first ever bitcoin ATM will be in front of the Bank of England tomorrow morning. The machine allows users to pay for their bills in cash, as well as make transfers. The machines, which will allow bitcoin buyers to withdraw their funds and make purchases using British pounds, will...
  10. It's easy to get lost in the world of cryptocurrency, but this interactive map by bitcoinmap reveals how different regions of the world are represented in the cryptocurrency community, and how geographically diverse Bitcoin is. To see how Bitcoin is viewed across various countries and regions, head to the article,...
  11. The world of Bitcoin as it stands today has a multitude of applications. Bitcoin is the main one but so are the more popular alternative currencies Bitcoin Cash, Peercoin, Ethereum and Ripple. With the number of different coins hitting an all-time high every day, it may not be surprising to...
  12. I discovered bitcoin in early 2011. At first it was something that felt like play money and almost surreal. I didn't fully understand all the details back then, but a decentralized, peer-to-peer digital currency was just too crazy and I became intrigued. Over the years I started diving deeper and...
  13. MUMBAI: India is on track to become the world's second-largest bitcoin market after US , according to global bitcoin consultancy Cointrace The firm, which works to identify digital currency businesses globally, predicts a 13.7 billion bitcoin industry in India in 2020.As per the data, bitcoin-based trading volumes in India were...
  14. The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday agreed to hear arguments in the case that could ultimately create rules for an increasingly contentious field of digital currency investments known as blockchain. Here's what you should know. What are blockchain and cryptocurrency and who is behind them? A blockchain is a digital...
  15. In this blog post we'll talk about bitcoins and look at an overview of how to accept them from your python app. Bitcoin: Bitcoin is crypto-currency whose protocol allows fast, anonymous and secure digital transactions. To know more about bitcoin and to install it, go to the "Developer Guide" guide....
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 4] — 2497 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. LAS VEGAS -- For those of you who have been in this sport for a while, or maybe even for just a few months, you realize that there are lots of different ways to watch pro boxing. There is the boxing in the ring. There is the boxing on TV...
  2. In a move that can only be described as genius from the point of view of the UFC's corporate sponsors, the Ultimate Fighting Championship has just been awarded the NFL's Super Bowl. I really can't speak to how the Super Bowl fits into the UFC's long-term plans, but judging by...
  3. With World Series of Fighting heading to NYC on New Years Eve, I wanted to put together a few of my favorite shots from my time with the company. Really looking forward to shooting the show and hopefully everyone tunes in on WSOF.com, NBC Sports, and NBC on 1231. Enjoy.
  4. Junior welterweight titleholders Terence Crawford and Viktor Postol, regarded as the two best 140-pound fighters in the world, will meet to unify their belts on July 23. The deal, in the works for the past few weeks, was finalized Monday with the Postol camp signing off. Crawford signed his contract...
  5. What may be the most important news story so far this year regarding the UFC's long-term economics was a major media story that on the surface appeared to have absolutely nothing to do with the promotion. The story is the extensive layoffs at ESPN, shining a light hard on the...
  6. In this week's edition of the Crossover column, we take an inside look at the UFC's decision to make one of its most anticipated fights on an American cable network. And why did that decision be? For the answer, tune in to the MMA Hour with Ariel Helwani this Wednesday...
  7. For the time being, it seems the UFC has a little more wiggle room with how it will manage its new broadcast deal. This after the company's top exec, president Dana White, admitted he had no idea whether or not the plan would keep the UFC on Fox Sports in...
  8. A report indicating Zuffa, LLC has agreed to the sale of UFC is being shot down by a company spokesman. "FloCombat.com's report indicating that the UFC has been sold is false," UFC vice president of public relations Dave Sholler said in a statement to Yahoo Sports. "We've communicated that to...
  9. LAS VEGAS It's a story he keeps hearing about himself. "You got to start taking some of the hits," he said after his UFC 197 victory over former champion Nick Diaz. "I'm the guy that started doing the hitting, then, when I got beat up, the refs came and called...
  10. The fight was delayed after cable customers experienced pay-per-view outages. The broadcast of the highly anticipated boxing match between Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Manny Pacquiao has been hit with piracy, despite television execs' best efforts to prevent illegal viewing. Users of live-streaming sites Periscope and Meerkat began shooting footage of...
  11. It's hard to think of any single moment at the 2014 Sochi Olympics, but when British sprinter Jessica Ennis-Hill, who had only recently turned 20, came to the finish line for the 400-meter relay race, a few hundred fans let out a collective cheer. Their attention was immediately drawn to...
  12. By David P. Greisman The WBC's new Code of Conduct for boxers via BoxNation.com does not specifically mention knockout punches, but the language it is set to adopt as part of the agreement says that "a boxer is not permitted to strike the victim if his or her punch is...
  13. It was a long time coming. It seemed as though nothing would come from the 10 million that was promised by UFC owner Lorenzo Fertitta's investment company, Platinum Equity aka the Nevada Athletic Commission, for state-of-the-art MMA fighter and mixed-martial-arts training facility The Green Valley. Then, just as abruptly, nothing...
  14. Jon Jones 20-1 MMA, 14-1 UFC and Daniel Cormier 15-0 MMA, 4-0 UFC will meet for the UFC light heavyweight championship in the main event of UFC 178 on Sept. 27. However, at Monday's media day in Las Vegas, the world got a little preview of what's to come when...
  15. By Keith Idec NEW YORK The sanctioning body of the Ultimate Fighting Championship has not yet determined whether or not the Nov. 18 lightweight championship fight between Mickey Bey and Michael Bisping will be canceled. At the end of the bout, which took place in London, Bisping stopped Bey at...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 5] — 423162 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. It has been a long road to the opening last night of the first Starbucks store in London, but they are finally here. Just off Southwark Bridge in the Southwark neighbourhood near London's financial district, this is a place for Londoners, and by extension their customers. But there's a lot...
  2. If you've been to Seattle, Washington - or even just heard about it - you'd probably guess that its nickname is something like "The Space Needle City."That 184-meter-high tower, with an observation deck and restaurant, was built for the 1962 world's fair there, and has become the city's most famous...
  3. Crown Point We don't have a lot of history for this one. The most we know is that it was built and sold for 24 million. A few years back this location was also listed as Crown Point. But here it is again. Crown Point a.k.a. the City of Crown...
  4. If you are thinking about taking a trip to the land of the Vikings, then you have been warned. This is not something you should take lightly, if you have not already heard. This is a big step to what has to become a bigger step towards the future of...
  5. For a long time, a common reaction to the idea of building a large scale city in the middle of the desert was, "But isn't that all that desert is?" Actually, the answer would be, "Not exactly but now the dust will pay, and that dust contains something better. Let's...
  6. "This is a very exciting time for us and we are very excited on the progress that's being made on all fronts," said Michael Cohen, head of development for New York Real Estate Investment Trust, which is one of the biggest owners of Manhattan office space and leases thousands of...
  7. A new study published by scientists at the University of Southern California shows that the majority of the world's biodiversity resides in or around the ocean. The study, a collaboration of the University of California, Irvine, UC Davis, and Oceana, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration of the United States,...
  8. 1 of 3 View Caption Trent Nelson The Salt Lake Tribune A man walks around the site of a historic building that was demolished as part of the Utah Trent Nelson The Salt Lake Tribune A man walks around the site of a historic building that was demolished as part...
  9. I am writing in support of GROWNYC's establishing a Greenmarket in Forest Hills, Queens. I understand a location has not been determined, but I feel the sooner we can help Greenmarket find a suitable location the more likely we can have a market operating in 2012, which would greatly benefit...
  10. , the eastern hemisphere had been cleared of the zombie threat. Nothing had been heard from the west since the outbreak. Fifteen years of silence from what had once been the loudest country in the world. Sir Courtney had commissioned Charles and his mercenaries to once again reclaim the Americas...
  11. This dilapidated house just off I-240 at Charlotte Street has been vacant, but secured, for years. The owner says they hope to lease the land for a hotel. Photo: John Boylejboylecitizen-times.com Today's batch of burning questions, my smart-aleck answers and the real deal: Question: At the exit offramp of I-240...
  12. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Historical overview edit In May 2014, the first video of a rape was recorded and leaked online, triggering intense social controversy.1 In the following weeks, multiple videos were leaked. On August 17, 2014, the video of an assault was published for the public, and the...
  13. We've all read the news stories about how the city is on its deathbed because some of its more well known landmarks have been torn down or sold to private owners without the city having any say in the matter. When it comes to the city's historic architecture, perhaps it's...
  14. The first thing you notice when walking in the heart of the city's historic Core Business District is that there's no sign warning visitors that something special is taking place. This isn't because Core has always been a popular walking route or that businesses would prefer that visitors take the...
  15. . What is the name and structure of the city? 2. The buildings in Bangkok are unique and impressive! They are mostly made from glass and metal and often modernist, but some of them are historical landmarks. The tallest building in Bangkok is known as the Burjailin Island Tower, which...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 6] — 216422 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. Chronicles of Xia Volume I : The Mad Father's Memoirs And how exactly do you plan to escape? The police captain was starting to chuckle at me as he spoke, looking over my shoulder. As I turned to look, I saw the reason for his amusement. My escape was completely...
  2. ct the world, even with a low class abilty like mine. I did some research and found an old legend about pink sock heroes yeah I know, horrible combination who fought evil with the power of imaginations. I was so excited that I ran to my teacher and told him...
  3. al help -- but he was the mayor's son. Never saw a consequence in his life. I thought at first he'd made me somehow, come after my family for revenge. but no. The video just showed a burglary gone bad. A house he thought was empty, when Sophie showed up....
  4. Phil was running out of genres. What happens once no more genres exist? Will he just vanish? His last one was gritty family chick-flick''. Who makes the genre? God? Some. Higher being? His pain has been so violent, so hilarious, so informative and yet so terrifying. Is this torture? Did...
  5. This is a story that I wrote a few years ago, but I feel like it fits here. File 137-25-003 : Audio Transcript of File 137-25-001 : Video ; Death and Reanimation of Bitten Human. Clicks and pops Computerized voice : Recording 137-25-001. Time stamp : 102720, 0114. Title :...
  6. His shoes resounded against the pristine, white tiled floors of the facility as he made his way through the sliding glass doors. A female voice sounded from a monitor on the opposite end of the room, it was warm, but artificial. The hostess welcomed him by name as he stared...
  7. he stared at the ceiling. He had fucked up, and in a big way too. Tommy, the guy who was just beating on him, was the biggest dealer in town. Now, outside of that little town, Bernsville, which sat between cities like Monroe and Shreveport, Tommy wasn t a big...
  8. thought to himself. When he got to the lake, he could see that everyone was already having a blast. After teasing Kate to jump off the cliff-side, she finally did it and he followed exuberantly. Being in the water always made Kyle feel great. Of course, being a powerful hydrokinesis...
  9. tched the back of the man s head as he walked away. The back of his head was covered in slicked black hair. He soon made his way out of sight from Andy when he opened a door in the hallway and entered. Andy couldn t help but feel like...
  10. '' She did as I said and left the room. It wasn't the right time to try and escape. She didn't know what my other powers were, just the one that gave me the ability to fly. Something was strange though. The way she turned away from me, she brought...
  11. As the suns set, Adam sat and slowly sipped his tea. The one thing that he never tired of was watching the golden suns falling behind the buildings of the city. The sight was poetic in a way that he had never been able to ever write or articulate properly....
  12. ropped again. What the fuck is wrong with you?'' The guard said aggressively as he voluntarily pulled me back onto my feet. Agent Simpson rushed over, It's quite alright, Leon. Mr Linden here has a special condition and, well, let's just say this isn't his first rodeo.'' Which was actually...
  13. version of the Joker. My mind was still foggy so I couldn't hear all of what he spouted. I was mostly in shock of how none of this was on Facebook or twitter or how the fucking school resource officer was on vacation! What came next will haunt me for...
  14. o do you do your act for?'' Everyone in Australia, really.'' Seems like you've done a pretty good job out here.'' That's more or less the idea.'' What's the rabbit for?'' Keeps me sane. Need someone to talk to.'' Right. How about we all hop in my ute and take...
  15. ial killer on the loose. I read about a woman being found dead in a park, having been battered about the head with a bottle of Three French Hens chardonnay. A partridge in a pear tree, two doves and now three French hens. Maybe I could stop the killer before...
------------------------------

[CLUSTER 7] — 22825 frasi
Frasi rappresentative:
  1. A lot of folks are looking forward to this. That is true, a lot is looking forward to this I think the biggest reason why is because it's one of those games where you look at it and start to wonder where was that? It was around here somewhere. It...
  2. Phenomenal storyline and fun albeit simple gameplay. However, as with many Telltale games the ending is the same despite any choices there is only one choice that matters at the end, and the change is hardly significant. In a game appluaded for it's amount of choices, as that is the...
  3. Terraria Beta 0.8.0 Released February 23, 2017 Major Changes New Item System New Item system brings many new items, weapons and armor. You can upgrade an Item right before crafting, without needing the materials in the crafting table. Items can be upgraded and you can upgrade the materials required to...
  4. I bought this for my fiancé's birthday. We had no one to spend the day with so I figured I might as well get my feet wet with the game. I bought it with two hopes in mind. - To be able to play this at my wedding reception. -...
  5. POPULAR Here's a new one for you guys. If someone wants a game with a lot of vehicles and high skill ceiling, this is the game for them right here. The map I decided to make is based on the battle of Kiev, in which a Ukrainian division lost almost...
  6. The only part of the game that I thought was annoying was the end of when you can play as a human instead of robot. I think it's a fair tradeoff, the robots can get much more damage in that short period of time, but the humans have more health...
  7. During tonight's Salty Cupcakes, Skullgirls lead programmer Mike "Mike Z" Zaimont made a couple of announcements regarding Skullgirls Encore. First off, the build of the game being played at the event will be submitted for approval tomorrow, which is the next step in replacing the current version on PlayStation Network...
  8. If you're going to play with a friend, you have to play to them. And since the game is all about cooperation, not every multiplayer game has to be about team-building or teamwork. A few are, of course, but, more often than not, just enjoying the competition and competition alone....
  9. "We want to make all-inclusive games. And that doesn't just mean women and people of colour we're not just focused on these two sections. We want every single person to be a part of the game. If there's a player character in a third-person game that's a woman, we think...
  10. Hello players, the crafting update is finally in a working state. Also an all new Game Mode called "BattleMode" was added. Crafting The crafting system essentially replaces the currently recipe system random recipes still work, but will be taken out gradually. Basically, each block has now a number of other...
  11. I've been using it, and I've been doing all that it promises me that it can do. It's a really good game no, I do not mean the gameplay. I mean that the game, the whole package, and I'd recommend the game to anyone who's looking for a great rpg....
  12. As you have probably done, you can read what's happening in the history section of your favourite game. Here you can see the history of your favourite game written by a user on GameFAQs, an online community that can be a great source of help when it comes to game-related...
  13. If you aren't used to seeing a new player pick up an iPhone in a major game, that might change in June when the game is first released. The game, Marvel Contest of Champions, will be available to download on June 2 for iOS devices. Marvel Contest of Champions is...
  14. Traditionally, video games are designed to put the player at the forefront of a story. There is almost always a You built into the storyline, and while that You can be a fixed character or a malleable self-creation, You is almost always the center of a game's universe. It's up...
  15. "It's a game of skill, a way to enjoy your own company and enjoy a game that is usually played sitting for a lot of hours," she added. One potential pitfall, however, comes from players putting too much trust in their opponents. For example, a player may choose to let...
------------------------------